---
document_name: "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome.md"
group_id: "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__group_009"
source_section_count: 4
page_start: 62
page_end: 71
estimated_tokens: 10704
source_section_ids:
  - "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__029"
  - "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__030"
  - "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__031"
  - "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__032"
---

# The estimated useful life is around 1 year to 7 years
The excess of the purchase consideration paid over the fair value of assets acquired has been attributed to goodwill. The primary items that generated this goodwill are the value of the acquired assembled workforce and estimated synergies, neither of which qualify as an intangible asset.
Goodwill amounting to $9 million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
The total purchase consideration of $96 million includes upfront cash consideration of $88 million and contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of $8 million as on the date of acquisition.
At the acquisition date, the key inputs used in determination of the fair value of contingent consideration are the probabilities assigned towards achievement of financial targets and discount rates ranging from 2% - 3%. The undiscounted value of contingent consideration as of March 31, 2026 was approximately $9 million.
Additionally, these acquisitions have retention bonus and management incentives payable to the employees of the acquiree over 2-3 years, subject to their continuous employment with the Group and achievement of financial targets for the respective years. Retention bonus and management incentives are recognized in employee benefit expenses in the Statement of Comprehensive Income over the period of service.
Fair value of trade receivables acquired is $23 million as of acquisition date and as of March 31, 2026, the amounts are substantially collected.
Transaction costs that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination such as finder's fees, legal fees, due diligence fees, and other professional and consulting fees are expensed as incurred. The transaction costs of $4 million related to the acquisition have been included under administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the year ended March 31, 2026.
## Proposed Acquisitions
1. On August 13, 2025, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 75% of the equity share capital in Telstra Purple Pty Ltd, including some of its subsidiaries (together known as Versent Group), Australia's leading Digital Transformation Solutions Provider for a consideration including earn-outs and deferred consideration amounting up to AUD 233 million (approximately $152 million), excluding retention bonus and management incentives, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing adjustments.

2. On March 25, 2026, Infosys Nova Holdings LLC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of the equity share capital of Optimum Achieve Holdings Inc., a leading healthcare digital transformation and consulting firm headquartered in USA, along with its other subsidiaries including Optimum Healthcare IT, LLC, for a consideration including earn-outs amounting up to $465 million, excluding management incentives and retention bonus, subject to customary closing adjustments.

## Update on acquisition completed after the end of the reporting period
On March 25, 2026, Infosys Nova Holdings LLC a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of the partnership interests of Stratus Global LLC, a leading insurance technology partner serving P&amp;C insurers and managing general agents (MGAs), headquartered in USA, for a consideration including earn-outs amounting up to $95 million, excluding management incentives, and retention bonus, subject to customary closing adjustments. Subsequently in April 2026, as on the date these financial statements were authorized for issuance, Infosys Nova Holdings LLC has completed its acquisition of Stratus Global LLC. Given the recent timing of the acquisition and pending completion of the valuations for identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed, at the time these financial statements were authorized for issuance, the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete. Accordingly, all the required disclosures for the business combination have not been made.
X
1
4
A
O
## 2.11 Employees' Stock Option Plans (ESOP)
## Accounting Policy
The Group recognizes compensation expense relating to share-based payments in net profit based on estimated fair-values of the awards on the grant date. The estimated fair value of awards is recognized as an expense in net profit in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-substance, multiple awards with a corresponding increase to share premium.
## Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019 (the 2019 Plan)
On June 22, 2019 pursuant to approval by the shareholders in the Annual General Meeting, the Board has been authorized to introduce, offer, issue and provide share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2019 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2019 plan shall not exceed 50,000,000 equity shares. To implement the 2019 Plan, up to 45,000,000 equity shares may be issued by way of secondary acquisition of shares by Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust. The Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted under the 2019 plan shall vest based on the achievement of defined annual performance parameters as determined by the administrator (Nomination and Remuneration Committee). The performance parameters will be based on a combination of relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against selected industry peers and certain broader market domestic and global indices and operating performance metrics of the company as decided by administrator. Each of the above performance parameters will be distinct for the purposes of calculation of quantity of shares to vest based on performance. These instruments will generally vest between a minimum of 1 to maximum of 3 years from the grant date.
## 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Plan):
On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders through postal ballot, the Board was authorized to introduce, offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2015 plan shall not exceed 24,038,883 equity shares (this includes 11,223,576 equity shares which are held by the trust towards the 2011 Plan as at March 31, 2016). These instruments will generally vest over a period of 4 years  The plan numbers mentioned above are further adjusted with the September 2018 bonus issue.
The equity settled and cash settled RSUs and stock options would vest generally over a period of 4 years and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NARC). The exercise price of the RSUs will be equal to the par value of the shares and the exercise price of the stock options (ESOPs) would be the market price as on the date of grant.
Controlled trust holds 8,650,911 and 9,655,927 shares as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, respectively under the 2015 plan. Out of these shares, 200,000 equity shares each have been earmarked for welfare activities of the employees as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
The following is the summary of grants during three months and year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
| Particulars                               | Three months ended March 31,   | Three months ended March 31,   | Year ended March 31,   | Year ended March 31,   |
|-------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------|------------------------|------------------------|
|                                           | 2026                           | 2025                           | 2026                   | 2025                   |
| 2015 Plan: RSU                            |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Equity settled RSUs                       |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | 100,532                        | 85,674                         | 377,609                | 380,842                |
| Employees other than KMP                  | 2,137,048                      | 1,722,470                      | 2,254,341              | 1,874,690              |
|                                           | 2,237,580                      | 1,808,144                      | 2,631,950              | 2,255,532              |
| Cash settled RSUs                         |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | -                              | -                              | -                      | -                      |
| Employees other than KMP                  | 119,800                        | 94,050                         | 119,800                | 94,050                 |
|                                           | 119,800                        | 94,050                         | 119,800                | 94,050                 |
| 2015 Plan: Employee Stock Options (ESOPs) |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Equity settled RSUs                       |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | -                              | -                              | 237,370                | -                      |
| Employees other than KMP                  | -                              | -                              | 5,412,790              | -                      |
|                                           | -                              | -                              | 5,650,160              | -                      |
| Cash settled RSUs                         |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | -                              | -                              | -                      | -                      |
| Employees other than KMP                  | -                              | -                              | 108,180                | -                      |
|                                           | -                              | -                              | 108,180                | -                      |
| Total Grants under 2015 Plan              | 2,357,380                      | 1,902,194                      | 8,510,090              | 2,349,582              |
| 2019 Plan: RSU                            |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Equity settled RSUs                       |                                |                                |                        |                        |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | 60,600                         | 49,000                         | 126,966                | 119,699                |
| Employees other than KMP                  | 4,419,325                      | 3,617,798                      | 4,422,390              | 3,624,646              |
|                                           | 4,479,925                      | 3,666,798                      | 4,549,356              | 3,744,345              |
| Total Grants under 2019 Plan              | 4,479,925                      | 3,666,798                      | 4,549,356              | 3,744,345              |

## Under the 2015 plan:
The Board, on April 17, 2025, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee approved the following grants for fiscal 2026. In accordance with such approval the following grants were made effective May 2, 2025.
- 230,621 performance-based RSUs (Annual performance equity grant) of fair value of ₹34.75 crore. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain performance targets.

- 13,273 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance equity ESG grant) of fair value of ₹2 crore. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain environment, social and governance milestones as determined by the Board.

- 33,183 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance Equity TSR grant) of fair value of ₹5 crore . These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement based on Company's performance on cumulative relative TSR over the years and as determined by the Board.

Further, in accordance with the employee agreement which has been approved by the shareholders, the CEO is eligible to receive an annual grant of RSUs of fair value ₹3 crore which will vest overtime in three equal annual installments upon the completion of each year of service from the respective grant date. Accordingly, annual time-based grant of 18,132 RSUs was made effective February 1, 2026 for fiscal 2026.
Though the annual time based grants and annual performance equity TSR grant for the remaining employment term ending on March 31, 2027 have not been granted as of March 31, 2026, since the service commencement date precedes the grant date, the company has recorded employment stock compensation expense in accordance with IFRS 2, Share based payments. The grant date for this purpose in accordance with IFRS 2, Share based payments is July 1, 2022.

## Under the 2019 plan:
The Board, on April 17, 2025, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved performance-based grant of RSUs amounting to ₹10 crore for fiscal 2026 under the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest based on achievement of certain performance targets. Accordingly, 66,366 performance based RSU's were granted effective May 2, 2025.
## Under the 2015 plan:
During the year ended March 31, 2026, based on recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved time based grants of 237,370 ESOPs to Other KMP under the 2015 Plan. These ESOPs will vest over a period of 4 years and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the Committee. The exercise price of the ESOPs would be the market price as on the date of grant.
Further, during the year ended March 31, 2026, based on recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved 82,400 time based RSUs to Other KMPs under the 2015 Plan. Time based RSUs will vest over four years.
## Under the 2019 plan:
During the year ended March 31, 2026, based on  recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved performance based grants of 60,600 RSUs to other KMPs under the 2019 plan. These RSUs will vest over three years based on achievement of certain performance targets.
## The break-up of employee stock compensation expense is as follows:
|                                                                   | Three months ended March 31,   | Three months ended March 31,   | (Dollars in millions) Year ended March 31,   | (Dollars in millions) Year ended March 31,   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Particulars                                                       | 2026                           | 2025                           | 2026                                         | 2025                                         |
| Granted to:                                                       |                                |                                |                                              |                                              |
| KMP                                                               | 2                              | 2                              | 8                                            | 8                                            |
| Employees other than KMP                                          | 25                             | 21                             | 100                                          | 87                                           |
| Total (1)                                                         | 27                             | 23                             | 108                                          | 95                                           |
| (1) Cash settled stock compensation expense included in the above | -                              | -                              | 2                                            | 2                                            |

The fair value of the awards are estimated using the Black-Scholes Model for time and non-market performance based options and Monte Carlo simulation model is used for TSR based options.
The inputs to the model include the share price at date of grant, exercise price, expected volatility, expected dividends, expected term and the risk free rate of interest. Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on historical volatility of the observed market prices of the Company's publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the options. Expected volatility of the comparative company have been modelled based on historical movements in the market prices of their publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the options. Correlation coefficient is calculated between each peer entity and the indices as a whole or between each entity in the peer group.
## The fair value of each equity settled award is estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:
| Particulars                                                |                                 |                      |                                  | For options           | granted in                      |                      |
|------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------------------|-----------------------|---------------------------------|----------------------|
|                                                            | Fiscal 2026- Equity Shares- RSU | Fiscal 2026- ADR RSU | Fiscal 2026- Equity Shares- ESOP | Fiscal 2026- ADS-ESOP | Fiscal 2025- Equity Shares- RSU | Fiscal 2025- ADS-RSU |
| Weighted average share price (₹) / ($ ADS)                 | 1,641                           | 17.55                | 1,554                            | 17.93                 | 1,808                           | 21.44                |
| Exercise price (₹)/ ($ ADS)                                | 5.00                            | 0.10                 | 1,554                            | 17.93                 | 5.00                            | 0.07                 |
| Expected volatility (%)                                    | 23-26                           | 25-29                | 25-28                            | 26-30                 | 21-26                           | 23-28                |
| Expected life of the option (years)                        | 1-4                             | 1-4                  | 3-7                              | 3-7                   | 1-4                             | 1-4                  |
| Expected dividends (%)                                     | 2-3                             | 2-3                  | 2-3                              | 2-3                   | 2-3                             | 2-3                  |
| Risk-free interest rate (%)                                | 6                               | 4                    | 6                                | 4                     | 7                               | 4-5                  |
| Weighted average fair value as on grant date (₹) / ($ ADS) | 1,331                           | 14.16                | 390                              | 4.09                  | 1,555                           | 18.20                |

The expected life of the RSU/ESOP is estimated based on the vesting term and contractual term of the RSU/ESOP, as well as expected exercise behavior of the employee who receives the RSU/ESOP.
X
1
5
A
O
## 2.12 Income Taxes
## Accounting policy
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax. Income tax expense is recognized in net profit in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity, in which case it is recognized in equity or other comprehensive income. Current income tax for current and prior periods is recognized at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements except when the deferred income tax arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date and are expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of changes in tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment or the substantive enactment date. A deferred income tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized. Deferred income taxes are not provided on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and branches where it is expected that the earnings of the subsidiary or branch will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.
The Group offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities; deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, where it has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The income tax provision for the interim period is made based on the best estimate of the annual average tax rate expected to be applicable for the full financial year. Tax benefits of deductions earned on exercise of employee share options in excess of compensation charged to income are credited to equity.
Income tax expense in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income comprises:
|                    | Three months ended March   | 31,   | (Dollars in Year ended March 31,   | million)   |
|--------------------|----------------------------|-------|------------------------------------|------------|
| Particulars        | 2026                       | 2025  | 2026                               | 2025       |
| Current taxes      |                            |       |                                    |            |
| Domestic taxes     | 190                        | 245   | 977                                | 1,089      |
| Foreign taxes      | 98                         | 77    | 352                                | 346        |
|                    | 288                        | 322   | 1,329                              | 1,435      |
| Deferred taxes     |                            |       |                                    |            |
| Domestic taxes     | (29)                       | (27)  | (91)                               | (110)      |
| Foreign taxes      | (11)                       | 8     | (48)                               | (40)       |
|                    | (40)                       | (19)  | (139)                              | (150)      |
| Income tax expense | 248                        | 303   | 1,190                              | 1,285      |

Income tax expense for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and March 31,2025 includes reversals (net of provisions) of $94 million and $14 million respectively. Income tax expense for the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 includes reversals (net of provisions) of $93 million and provisions (net of reversals) $16 million respectively. These provisions and reversals pertaining to prior periods are primarily on account of adjudication of certain disputed matters, upon filing of tax return and completion of assessments, across various jurisdictions
During the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, the Company received orders under section 250 and Section 254 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment years, 2013-14 and assessment years 2017-18 to 2021-22. These orders confirmed the Company's position with respect to tax treatment of certain matters. As a result interest income (pre-tax) $41 million was recognized and provision for income tax aggregating $93 million  was reversed with a corresponding credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Also, upon resolution of the disputes, an amount aggregating to $9  million has been reduced from contingent liabilities.
During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company received orders under section 250 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, from the Income Tax Authorities in India for the assessment years, 2016-17 and 2019-20. These orders confirmed the Company's position with respect to tax treatment of certain matters. As a result interest income (pre-tax) of $38 million was recognised and provision for income tax aggregating $21 million was reversed with a corresponding credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss. Also, upon resolution of the disputes, an amount aggregating to $125 million has been reduced from contingent liabilities.
Deferred income tax for the three months and year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 substantially relates to origination and reversal of temporary differences.
The Company's Advanced Pricing Arrangement (APA) with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for US branch income tax expired in March 2021. The Company has applied for renewal of APA and currently the US taxable income is based on the Company's best estimate determined based on the expected value method.
As at March 31, 2026, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted to $ 207 million (₹ 1,964 crore). As at March 31, 2025, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted to $226 million (₹1,933 crore).
Amount paid to statutory authorities against the tax claims amounted to $ 273 million (₹ 2,594 crore) and $491 million (₹4,199 crore) as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively.
The claims against the Group primarily represent demands arising on completion of assessment proceedings under the Income Tax Act, 1961. These claims are on account of issues of disallowance of expenditure towards software being held as capital in nature, payments made to Associated Enterprises held as liable for withholding of taxes, among others. These matters are pending before various Income Tax Authorities and the Management including its tax advisors expect that its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position and results of operations.

## 2.13 Earnings per equity share
## Accounting Policy
Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per equity share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. The dilutive potential equity shares are adjusted for the proceeds receivable had the equity shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e. the average market value of the outstanding equity shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as at the beginning of the period, unless issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity shares are determined independently for each period presented.
The number of equity shares and potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented for any share splits and bonus shares issues including for changes effected prior to the approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors.
X
1
6
A
O
## 2.14 Related party transactions
Refer Note 2.20 "Related party transactions" in the Company's 2025 Annual Report on Form 20-F for the full names and other details of the Company's subsidiaries and controlled trusts.
## Changes in Subsidiaries
During the year ended March 31, 2026, the following are the changes in the subsidiaries:
- . Infosys Energy Consulting Services LLC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC was incorporated on April 16, 2025.
- . Infosys Saudi Arabia LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited was incorporated on April 21, 2025.
- . Infosys Australia Technology Service Pty Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Limited was incorporated on April 23, 2025.
- . On April 30, 2025, Infosys Nova Holdings LLC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, acquired 98.21% of partnership interests in MRE Consulting Ltd along with its subsidiary MRE Technology Services, LLC. The remaining 1.79% was acquired by Infosys Energy Consulting Services LLC , a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC.
- . On April 30, 2025, Infosys Australia Technology Service Pty Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Limited, acquired 100% of voting interests in The Missing Link Automation Pty Ltd, The Missing Link Network Integration Pty Ltd and The Missing Link Security Pty Ltd along with its subsidiary The Missing Link Security Ltd
- . in-tech Automotive Engineering de. R L de. C V, a wholly-owned subsidiary of in-tech GmbH has been liquidated effective May 07, 2025.
- . On May 13, 2025,  Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd diluted 2% stake of HIPUS Co., Ltd to Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
- . Infosys BPM Canada Inc, a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM UK Limited was incorporated on July 28, 2025
- . Infosys Germany Gmbh, a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd merged into Infosys Germany SE (formerly known as Blitz 24-893 SE) effective September 24, 2025
- . in-tech Engineering services S.R.L, (Wholly-owned subsidiary of  in-tech GmbH) merged into ProIT (Wholly-owned subsidiary of  in-tech GmbH) effective November 30, 2025
- . Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) (formerly a majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited) became the majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC with effect from January 28, 2026
- . Infosys Enterprise Business Services Pty Ltd , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd was incorporated on March 19, 2026.

## Transactions with key management personnel
The table below describes the compensation to key management personnel which comprise directors and executive officers:
| Particulars                                                                                           | Three months ended March 31,   | Three months ended March 31,   |   (Dollars in millions) Year ended March 31, |   (Dollars in millions) Year ended March 31, |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
|                                                                                                       | 2026                           | 2025                           |                                         2026 |                                         2025 |
| Salaries and other short term employee benefits to whole-time directors and executive officers (1)(2) | 4                              | 4                              |                                           14 |                                           14 |
| Commission and other benefits to non-executive/ independent directors                                 | -                              | -                              |                                            2 |                                            2 |
| Total                                                                                                 | 4                              | 4                              |                                           16 |                                           16 |

(1) Total employee stock compensation expense for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 includes a charge of $ 2 million and $ 2 million respectively, towards key management personnel. For the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, includes a charge of $ 8 million and $ 8 million respectively, towards key management personnel. (Refer note 2.11).
(2) Does not include post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits, based on actuarial valuation as these are done for the Company as a whole.
X
1
7
A
O
## 2.15 Segment reporting
IFRS 8 Operating Segments establishes standards for the way that public business enterprises report information about operating segments and related disclosures about products and services, geographic areas, and major customers. The Group's operations predominantly relate to providing end-to-end business solutions to enable clients to enhance business performance.
The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates the Group's performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by business segments. Accordingly, information has been presented along business segments. The accounting principles used in the preparation of the financial statements are consistently applied to record revenue and expenditure in individual segments, and are as set out in the accounting policies.
Business segments of the Group are primarily enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance, enterprises in Manufacturing, enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics, enterprises in the Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services, enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media, enterprises in Hi-Tech, enterprises in Life Sciences and Healthcare and all other segments. The Financial services reportable segments has been aggregated to include the Financial Services operating segment and Finacle operating segment because of the similarity of the economic characteristics. All other segments represent the operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services &amp; identified enterprises in Public Services.
Revenue and identifiable operating expenses in relation to segments are categorized based on items that are individually identifiable to that segment. Revenue for 'all other segments' represents revenue generated by Infosys Public Services and revenue generated from customers located in India, Japan and China and other enterprises in public service. Allocated expenses of segments include expenses incurred for rendering services from the Group's offshore software development centers and on-site expenses, which are categorized in relation to the associated efforts of the segment. Certain expenses such as depreciation and amortization, which form a significant component of total expenses, are not specifically allocable to specific segments as the underlying assets are used interchangeably. The Management believes that it is not practical to provide segment disclosures relating to those costs and expenses, and accordingly these expenses are separately disclosed as "unallocated" and adjusted against the total income of the Group.
Assets and liabilities used in the Group's business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, as these are used interchangeably between segments. The Management believes that it is currently not practicable to provide segment disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data is onerous.
Business segment revenue information is collated based on individual customers invoiced or in relation to which the revenue is otherwise recognized.
Disclosure of revenue by geographic locations is given in note 2.16 Revenue from operations
## 2.15.1 Business segments
## For the three months ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025
|                                                            |                        |               | Energy,                           | (2)    | (3)           |         |                   | (Dollars in millions)   | (Dollars in millions)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|---------------|-----------------------------------|--------|---------------|---------|-------------------|-------------------------|-------------------------|
| Particulars                                                | Financial Services (1) | Manufacturing | Utilities, Resources and Services | Retail | Communication | Hi-Tech | Life Sciences (4) | All other segments (5)  | Total                   |
| Revenue                                                    | 1,409                  | 799           | 664                               | 647    | 625           | 387     | 369               | 140                     | 5,040                   |
|                                                            | 1,342                  | 754           | 614                               | 629    | 554           | 393     | 320               | 124                     | 4,730                   |
| Identifiable operating expenses                            | 758                    | 489           | 364                               | 321    | 395           | 215     | 234               | 83                      | 2,859                   |
|                                                            | 770                    | 483           | 320                               | 316    | 355           | 232     | 190               | 71                      | 2,737                   |
| Allocated expenses                                         | 282                    | 143           | 132                               | 130    | 119           | 71      | 64                | 31                      | 972                     |
|                                                            | 231                    | 133           | 111                               | 123    | 102           | 69      | 59                | 23                      | 851                     |
| Segment Profit                                             | 369                    | 167           | 168                               | 196    | 111           | 101     | 71                | 26                      | 1,209                   |
|                                                            | 341                    | 138           | 183                               | 190    | 97            | 92      | 71                | 30                      | 1,142                   |
| Unallocable expenses                                       |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 154                     |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 150                     |
| Operating profit                                           |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 1,055                   |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 992                     |
| Other income, net                                          |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 125                     |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 137                     |
| Finance Cost                                               |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 12                      |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 12                      |
| Profit before income taxes                                 |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 1,168                   |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 1,117                   |
| Income tax expense                                         |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 248                     |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 303                     |
| Net profit                                                 |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 920                     |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 814                     |
| Depreciation and amortization                              |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 154                     |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | 150                     |
| Non-cash expenses other than depreciation and amortization |                        |               |                                   |        |               |         |                   |                         | -                       |

(1) Financial Services include enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance
(2) Retail includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics
(3) Communication includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media
(4) Life Sciences includes enterprises in Life sciences and Health care
(5) Others include operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services &amp; identified enterprises in Public Services

## For the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           | (2)    | (3)           |         |                   | (Dollars in millions)   | (Dollars in millions)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|---------------|-------------------------------------------|--------|---------------|---------|-------------------|-------------------------|-------------------------|
| Particulars                                                | Financial Services (1) | Manufacturing | Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services | Retail | Communication | Hi-Tech | Life Sciences (4) | All other segments (5)  | Total                   |
| Revenue                                                    | 5,631                  | 3,282         | 2,688                                     | 2,605  | 2,455         | 1,572   | 1,383             | 542                     | 20,158                  |
|                                                            | 5,342                  | 2,980         | 2,568                                     | 2,609  | 2,260         | 1,548   | 1,400             | 570                     | 19,277                  |
| Identifiable operating expenses                            | 3,149                  | 2,010         | 1,505                                     | 1,302  | 1,570         | 936     | 864               | 334                     | 11,670                  |
|                                                            | 3,059                  | 1,911         | 1,406                                     | 1,293  | 1,469         | 897     | 848               | 354                     | 11,237                  |
| Allocated expenses                                         | 1,055                  | 546           | 508                                       | 504    | 451           | 273     | 243               | 128                     | 3,708                   |
|                                                            | 971                    | 495           | 441                                       | 472    | 396           | 270     | 237               | 118                     | 3,400                   |
| Segment Profit                                             | 1,427                  | 726           | 675                                       | 799    | 434           | 363     | 276               | 80                      | 4,780                   |
|                                                            | 1,312                  | 574           | 721                                       | 844    | 395           | 381     | 315               | 98                      | 4,640                   |
| Unallocable expenses*                                      |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 695                     |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 569                     |
| Operating profit                                           |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 4,085                   |
| Other income, net                                          |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 4,071 468               |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 425                     |
| Finance Cost                                               |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 47                      |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 49                      |
| Profit before income taxes                                 |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 4,506                   |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 4,447                   |
| Income tax expense                                         |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 1,190                   |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 1,285                   |
| Net profit                                                 |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   | 3,316                   |                         |
| Depreciation and amortization                              |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 3,162                   |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 552                     |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | 569                     |
| Non-cash expenses other than depreciation and amortization |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | -                       |
|                                                            |                        |               |                                           |        |               |         |                   |                         | -                       |

(1) Financial Services include enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance
(2) Retail includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics
(3) Communication includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media
(4) Life Sciences includes enterprises in Life sciences and Health care
(5) Others include operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services &amp; identified enterprises in Public Services
*Unallocable expense includes impact of $ 143 million towards impact of Labour Codes for the year ended March 31, 2026 (refer to note 2.19.4)
## 2.15.2 Significant clients
No client individually accounted for more than 10% of the Revenue for the three months and year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, respectively
X
1
8
A
O
## Accounting Policy:
The Group derives revenues primarily from IT services comprising software development and related services, cloud and infrastructure services, maintenance, consulting and package implementation, licensing of software products and platforms across the Group's core and digital offerings (together called as 'software related services') and business process management services. Contracts with customers are either on a time-and-material, unit of work, fixed-price or on a fixed-timeframe basis.
Revenues from customer contracts are considered for recognition and measurement when the contract has been approved in writing, by the parties, to the contract, the parties to contract are committed to perform their respective obligations under the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services ('performance obligations') to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Group has received or expects to receive in exchange for these products or services ('transaction price'). When there is uncertainty as to collectability, revenue recognition is postponed until such uncertainty is resolved.
The Group assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies distinct performance obligations in the contract. The Group allocates the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling price. In the absence of such evidence, the primary method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin, under which the Group estimates the cost of satisfying the performance obligation and then adds an appropriate margin based on similar services.
The Group's contracts may include variable consideration including rebates, volume discounts and penalties. The Group includes variable consideration as part of transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the variable consideration and when it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.
Revenue on time-and-material and unit of work based contracts, are recognized as the related services are performed. Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on a straight-line basis when services are performed through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or ratably using a percentage of completion method when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and Group's costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. Revenue from other fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method. Efforts or costs expended are used to determine progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. Progress towards completion is measured as the ratio of costs or efforts incurred to date (representing work performed) to the estimated total costs or efforts. Estimates of transaction price and total costs or efforts are continuously monitored over the term of the contracts and are recognized in net profit in the period when these estimates change or when the estimates are revised. Revenues and the estimated total costs or efforts are subject to revision as the contract progresses. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
The billing schedules agreed with customers include periodic performance based billing and / or milestone based progress billings. Revenues in excess of billing are classified as unbilled revenue while billing in excess of revenues are classified as contract liabilities (which we refer to as unearned revenues).
In arrangements for software development and related services and maintenance services, by applying the revenue recognition criteria for each distinct performance obligation, the arrangements with customers generally meet the criteria for considering software development and related services as distinct performance obligations. For allocating the transaction price, the Group measures the revenue in respect of each performance obligation of a contract at its relative standalone selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling price. In cases where the Group is unable to determine the standalone selling price, the Group uses the expected cost plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. For software development and related services, the performance obligations are satisfied as and when the services are rendered since the customer generally obtains control of the work as it progresses.
Certain cloud and infrastructure services contracts include multiple elements which may be subject to other specific accounting guidance, such as leasing guidance. These contracts are accounted in accordance with such specific accounting guidance. In such arrangements where the Group is able to determine that hardware and services are distinct performance obligations, it allocates the consideration to these performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. In the absence of standalone selling price, the Group uses the expected cost-plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. When such arrangements are considered as a single performance obligation, revenue is recognized over the period and measure of progress is determined based on promise in the contract.
Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a 'right to use' the licenses is recognized at the time the license is made available to the customer. Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a 'right to access' is recognized over the access period.
Arrangements to deliver software products generally have three elements: license, implementation and Annual Technical Services (ATS).When implementation services are provided in conjunction with the licensing arrangement and the license and implementation have been identified as two distinct separate performance obligations, the transaction price for such contracts are allocated to each performance obligation of the contract based on their relative standalone selling prices. In the absence of standalone selling price for implementation, the Group uses the expected cost plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. Where the license is required to be substantially customized as part of the implementation service the entire arrangement fee for license and implementation is considered to be a single performance obligation and the revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method as the implementation is performed. Revenue from client training, support and other services arising due to the sale of software products is recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied. ATS revenue is recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the period in which the services are rendered.
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or third-party vendor equipment or software in certain integrated services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products or services is recorded net of costs when the Group is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and gross when the Group is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Group first evaluates whether it obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer. The Group considers whether it is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified goods or services, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether it controls the specified goods or services and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent.
A contract modification is a change in the scope or price or both of a contract that is approved by the parties to the contract. A contract modification that results in the addition of distinct performance obligations are accounted for either as a separate contract if the additional services are priced at the standalone selling price or as a termination of the existing contract and creation of a new contract if they are not priced at the standalone selling price. If the modification does not result in a distinct performance obligation, it is accounted for as part of the existing contract on a cumulative catch-up basis.
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract (i.e., costs that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained) are recognized as an asset if the Group expects to recover them.
Certain eligible, nonrecurring costs (e.g. set-up or transition or transformation costs) that do not represent a separate performance obligation are recognized as an asset when such costs (a) relate directly to the contract; (b) generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying the performance obligation in the future; and (c) are expected to be recovered.
Capitalized contract costs relating to upfront payments to customers are amortized to revenue and other capitalized costs are amortized to cost of sales over the respective contract life on a systematic basis consistent with the transfer of goods or services to customer to which the asset relates. Capitalized costs are monitored regularly for impairment. Impairment losses are recorded when present value of projected remaining operating cash flows is not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the capitalized costs.
The Group presents revenues net of indirect taxes in its interim Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.
Revenues for the three months and year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 is as follows:
|                                     |       |       | (Dollars in millions)   | (Dollars in millions)   |
|-------------------------------------|-------|-------|-------------------------|-------------------------|
|                                     | 2026  | 2025  | 2026                    | 2025                    |
| Revenue from software services      | 4,795 | 4,507 | 19,196                  | 18,379                  |
| Revenue from products and platforms | 245   | 223   | 962                     | 898                     |
| Total revenue from operations       | 5,040 | 4,730 | 20,158                  | 19,277                  |
