---
document_name: "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome.md"
group_id: "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__group_042"
source_section_count: 3
page_start: 331
page_end: 338
estimated_tokens: 8390
source_section_ids:
  - "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__136"
  - "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__137"
  - "Infosys_23042026170027_outcome__138"
---

## 2.26 SEGMENT REPORTING
Ind AS 108, Operating segments, establishes standards for the way that public business enterprises report information about operating segments and related disclosures about products and services, geographic areas, and major customers. The Group's operations predominantly relate to providing end-to-end business solutions to enable clients to enhance business performance. The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates the Group's performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by business segments. Accordingly, information has been presented along business segments. The accounting principles used in the preparation of the financial statements are consistently applied to record revenue and expenditure in individual segments, and are as set out in the accounting policies.
Business segments of the Group are primarily enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance, enterprises in Manufacturing, enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics, enterprises in the Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services, enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media, enterprises in Hi-Tech, enterprises in Life Sciences and Healthcare and all other segments. The Financial services reportable segments has been aggregated to include the Financial Services operating segment and Finacle operating segment because of the similarity of the economic characteristics. All other segments represent the operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services &amp; identified enterprises in Public Services.
Revenue and identifiable operating expenses in relation to segments are categorized based on items that are individually identifiable to that segment. Revenue for 'all other segments' represents revenue generated by Infosys Public services and revenue generated from customers located in India, Japan and China and other enterprises in Public services. Allocated expenses of segments include expenses incurred for rendering services from the Group's offshore software development centers and on-site expenses, which are categorized in relation to the associated efforts of the segment. Certain expenses such as depreciation and amortization, which form a significant component of total expenses, are not specifically allocable to specific segments as the underlying assets are used interchangeably. The Management believes that it is not practical to provide segment disclosures relating to those costs and expenses, and accordingly these expenses are separately disclosed as "unallocated" and adjusted against the total income of the Group.
Assets and liabilities used in the Group's business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, as these are used interchangeably between segments. The Management believes that it is currently not practicable to provide segment disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data is onerous.
Business segment revenue information is collated based on individual customers invoiced or in relation to which the revenue is otherwise recognized.
Disclosure of revenue by geographic locations is given in note 2.18 Revenue from operations.
## Year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
| Particulars                                                | Financial Services (1)   | Manufacturing   | Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services   | Retail (2) Communication   | (3)    | Hi-Tech   | Life Sciences (4) segments   | All other (5)   | (In ₹ crore) Total   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|-----------------|---------------------------------------------|----------------------------|--------|-----------|------------------------------|-----------------|----------------------|
| Revenue from operations                                    | 49,908                   | 29,078          | 23,818                                      | 23,077                     | 21,765 | 13,928    | 12,267                       | 4,809           | 178,650              |
|                                                            | 45,175                   | 25,207          | 21,710                                      | 22,059                     | 19,108 | 13,090    | 11,831                       | 4,810           | 162,990              |
| Identifiable operating expenses                            | 27,877                   | 17,797          | 13,327                                      | 11,529                     | 13,908 | 8,286     | 7,667                        | 2,956           | 103,347              |
|                                                            | 25,871                   | 16,167          | 11,882                                      | 10,931                     | 12,420 | 7,592     | 7,166                        | 2,986           | 95,015               |
| Allocated expenses                                         | 9,353                    | 4,837           | 4,507                                       | 4,459                      | 3,996  | 2,414     | 2,156                        | 1,136           | 32,858               |
|                                                            | 8,205                    | 4,184           | 3,731                                       | 3,995                      | 3,347  | 2,278     | 2,002                        | 997             | 28,739               |
| Segment Profit                                             | 12,678                   | 6,444           | 5,984                                       | 7,089                      | 3,861  | 3,228     | 2,444                        | 717             | 42,445               |
|                                                            | 11,099                   | 4,856           | 6,097                                       | 7,133                      | 3,341  | 3,220     | 2,663                        | 827             | 39,236               |
| Unallocable expenses*                                      |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 6,191                |
| Other income, net                                          |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 4,812                |
|                                                            |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 4,157                |
| Finance cost                                               |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 416                  |
| Profit before tax                                          |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 416                  |
|                                                            |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 39,995               |
| Income tax expense                                         |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 |                      |
|                                                            |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 10,521               |
|                                                            |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 10,858               |
| Net Profit                                                 |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 29,474               |
|                                                            |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 26,750               |
| Depreciation and amortization expense                      |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | 4,902                |
|                                                            |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | -                    |
| Non-cash expenses other than depreciation and amortization |                          |                 |                                             |                            |        |           |                              |                 | -                    |

(1) Financial Services include enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance
(2) Retail includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics
(3) Communication includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media
(4) Life Sciences includes enterprises in Life sciences and Health care
(5) Others include operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services &amp; identified enterprises in Public Services
*Unallocable expense includes impact of ₹ 1,289 crore towards impact of Labour Codes for the year ended March 31, 2026 (refer to note 2.20.1)
## Significant clients
No client individually accounted for more than 10% of the revenues for the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, respectively.
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
| Nandan M. Nilekani Chairman DIN: 00041245   | Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director DIN: 01876159   | Bobby Parikh Director DIN: 00019437                       |
|---------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| Bengaluru April 23, 2026                    | Jayesh Sanghrajka Chief Financial Officer                                  | A.G.S. Manikantha Company Secretary Membership No. A21918 |

## Report on  the Audit of the Interim Condensed Consolidated  Financial Statements
## Opinion
We  have  audited  the  accompanying  interim  condensed  consolidated  financial  statements  of INFOSYS  LIMITED (the "Company"),  and  its  subsidiaries  (the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries together  referred  to  as  the  "Group"),  which  comprise  the  Condensed  Consolidated  Balance Sheet  as  at  March  31,  2026,  the  Condensed  Consolidated  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss (including  Other Comprehensive Income) for the three months and year ended  on  that date, the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, and the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date, and notes to the financial statements including  a  summary  of the  material  accounting  policies  and  other  explanatory  information (hereinafter referred to as  the "interim condensed  consolidated financial  statements").
In our opinion  and  to the  best  of our information  and  according  to the explanations given  to us,  the aforesaid  interim condensed consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view in  conformity with  the Indian Accounting  Standard  34 "Interim Financial  Reporting" ("Ind AS 34")  prescribed  under section  133 of the Companies Act,  2013  (the "Act"), read  with relevant rules  issued  thereunder and  other  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  India,  of the consolidated  state  of affairs  of the  Group  as  at  March  31,  2026,  its  consolidated  profit,  its consolidated  other comprehensive income for the three months and year ended on that date, its  consolidated  changes  in  equity and  its consolidated  cash  flows for the year ended  on  that date.

## Basis  for Opinion
We  conducted  our  audit  of  the  interim  condensed consolidated financial statements  in accordance with the Standards on Auditing ("SAs") specified under section 143 (10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of the  Interim  Condensed  Consolidated  Financial  Statements section of our report.  We  are  independent of the Group in  accordance with the Code of Ethics issued  by  the  Institute of Chartered  Accountants  of India  ("ICAI")  together  with  the  ethical requirements  that are  relevant  to  our audit  of the  interim  condensed  consolidated  financial statements  under the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  the  Rules  made  thereunder,  and  we  have fulfilled  our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI's Code of Ethics.  We  believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to  provide  a  basis  for  our  audit  opinion  on  the  interim  condensed  consolidated  financial statements.
## Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors for the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company's Board of Directors is  responsible for the preparation and  presentation of these interim  condensed  consolidated  financial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance, consolidated other comprehensive  income,  consolidated  changes  in  equity  and  consolidated  cash  flows  of the Group  in  accordance  with  Ind  AS  34  and  other accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in India. The  respective Boards of Directors of the entities included  in  the Group are responsible for maintenance of the adequate accounting  records for safeguarding the assets of the Group and  for  preventing and  detecting  frauds and  other irregularities;  selection  and  application  of appropriate  accounting  policies;  making  judgments  and  estimates  that  are  reasonable  and prudent; and  design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
<!-- image -->
Chartered Accountants Prestige Trade Tower, Level 19 46, Palace Road, High Grounds Bengaluru-560 001 Karnataka, India
Tel:  +91806188 6000
Fax:+918061886011
<!-- image -->
## Deloitte Haskins &amp; Sells LLP
statements that give a true and  fair view  and  are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether due  to  fraud  or  error  which  have  been  used  for  the  purpose  of  preparation  of  the  interim condensed  consolidated financial  statements by the Directors of the Company, as  aforesaid.
In  preparing  the  interim  condensed  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  respective  Boards of Directors of the entities included in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of the respective entities to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,  matters related to going  concern  and  using  the  going  concern  basis  of accounting  unless  the  respective  Boards of Directors  either intend  to  liquidate their own  respective  entities or to cease  operations,  or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The  respective  Boards  of Directors of the entities  included  in  the  Group  are  also  responsible for overseeing the financial  reporting  process of the Group.
## Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Interim  Condensed Consolidated  Financial Statements
Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  interim  condensed consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether due  to  fraud  or error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report that  includes  our opinion.  Reasonable assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  Misstatements can  arise  from  fraud  or error and  are  considered  material  if,  individually or in  the  aggregate, they could  reasonably  be  expected  to influence the economic decisions of users taken on  the basis of these  interim condensed  consolidated financial statements.
As  part of an  audit in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise  professional judgment and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit.  We  also:
- Identify  and assess the risks of  material misstatement  of  the interim  condensed consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient  and appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting  from  fraud  is  higher than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud may involve collusion,  forgery,  intentional omissions,  misrepresentations,  or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  financial  controls  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing  an  opinion on  effectiveness of such controls.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of accounting estimates and  related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  management's  use  of the  going  concern  basis  of accounting  and,  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty exists  related  to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on  the ability of the Group to continue as  a going  concern.  If we  conclude that a  material  uncertainty exists, we are  required  to draw attention  in  our auditor's report to the related  disclosures in  the interim condensed consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report.  However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall presentation, structure  and content  of  the interim  condensed consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  interim condensed  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

## Deloitte Haskins &amp; Sells LLP
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the entities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  interim  condensed  consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the  audit  of  financial  statements  of  such entities  included in  the  interim  condensed consolidated  financial  statements of which we are  independent auditors.

Materiality is  the  magnitude of misstatements in  the  interim condensed  consolidated  financial statements that,  individually or in  aggregate,  makes  it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements may be  influenced.  We  consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in  (i)  planning the scope of our audit work and  in  evaluating the results of our work;  and  (ii) to evaluate the effect of  any identified misstatements  in the interim  condensed consolidated financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Company and such other entities included  in  the  Interim  Condensed  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  of  which  we  are  the independent auditors  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and  timing  of the audit and  significant audit  findings  including  any  significant deficiencies  in  internal  financial controls that we  identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged  with governance with a statement that we  have complied  with relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all relationships and  other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on  our independence, and where applicable,  related  safeguards.
<!-- image -->
For DELOITTE HASKINS &amp; SELLS  LLP Chartered Accountants (Firm's Registration No.  117366W/W-100018)
{b:g~~/ Partner (Membership No.060408) UDIN:
Place:  Bengaluru
Date:  April  23,  2026
## INFOSYS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements under Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) for the three months and year ended March 31, 2026
| Index                                                                                    | Page No.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| CondensedConsolidatedBalanceSheet……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..          | 1          |
| Condensed ConsolidatedStatementofProfitandLoss……………………………………………………………………………………………………………  | 2          |
| Condensed ConsolidatedStatementofChangesinEquity………………………………………………………………………………………………………… | 3          |
| CondensedConsolidatedStatementofCashFlows…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………     | 5          |
| Overview and Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements            |            |
| 1. Overview                                                                              |            |
| 1.1Companyoverview……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                         | 7          |
| 1.2 Basis of preparationoffinancialstatements………………………………………………………………………………………………………………  | 7          |
| 1.3Basisofconsolidation……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                    | 7          |
| 1.4 Use of estimatesandjudgments……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..           | 7          |
| 1.5 Critical accountingestimatesandjudgments……………………………………………………………………                   | 7          |
| 2. Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                      |            |
| 2.1BusinessCombinations…………………………………………………………………………………………                                | 9          |
| 2.2Property,plantandequipment……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..              | 11         |
| 2.3 Goodwillandotherintangibleassets……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..       | 13         |
| 2.4Investments……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                    | 14         |
| 2.5Loans……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                          | 15         |
| 2.6Otherfinancialassets………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………               | 15         |
| 2.7Tradereceivables……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………                 | 15         |
| 2.8Cashandcashequivalents…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………               | 16         |
| 2.9Otherassets……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                    | 16         |
| 2.10Financialinstruments………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………              | 17         |
| 2.11Equity……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                        | 21         |
| 2.12Otherfinancialliabilities…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………           | 25         |
| 2.13Otherliabilities…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….               | 26         |
| 2.14Provisions……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                    | 26         |
| 2.15Incometaxes……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                   | 27         |
| 2.16Revenuefromoperations…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………               | 28         |
| 2.17Otherincome,net…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………                  | 30         |
| 2.18Expenses……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                      | 31         |
| 2.19Leases……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..                        | 32         |
| 2.20Earningsperequityshare…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………              | 34         |
| 2.21 Contingent liabilities and commitments ………………………………………………………………………………               | 34         |
| 2.22Relatedpartytransactions…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………            | 36         |
| 2.23Segmentreporting…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………                 | 37         |

## INFOSYS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES
| Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as at                | Note No.   | March 31, 2026   | (In ₹ crore ) March 31, 2025   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|------------|------------------|--------------------------------|
| ASSETS                                                     |            |                  |                                |
| Non-current assets                                         |            |                  |                                |
| Property, plant and equipment                              | 2.2        | 12,651           | 11,778                         |
| Right-of-use assets                                        | 2.19       | 6,177            | 6,311                          |
| Capital work-in-progress                                   |            | 526              | 814                            |
| Goodwill                                                   | 2.3        | 12,117           | 10,106                         |
| Other intangible assets                                    |            | 2,825            | 2,766                          |
| Financial assets                                           |            |                  |                                |
| Investments                                                | 2.4        | 8,930            | 11,059                         |
| Loans                                                      | 2.5        | 6                | 16                             |
| Other financial assets                                     | 2.6        | 2,776            | 3,511                          |
| Deferred tax assets (net)                                  |            | 2,264            | 1,108                          |
| Income tax assets (net)                                    |            | 666              | 1,622                          |
| Other non-current assets                                   | 2.9        | 3,540            | 2,713                          |
| Total non-current assets                                   |            | 52,478           | 51,804                         |
| Current assets                                             |            |                  |                                |
| Financial assets                                           |            |                  |                                |
| Investments                                                | 2.4        | 12,950           | 12,482                         |
| Trade receivables                                          | 2.7        | 35,234           | 31,158                         |
| Cash and cash equivalents                                  | 2.8        | 22,201           | 24,455                         |
| Loans                                                      | 2.5        | 234              | 249                            |
| Other financial assets                                     | 2.6        | 15,890           | 13,840                         |
| Income tax assets (net)                                    |            | 1,835            | 2,975                          |
| Other current assets                                       | 2.9        | 15,145           | 11,940                         |
| Total current assets                                       |            | 103,489          | 97,099                         |
| Total assets                                               |            | 155,967          | 148,903                        |
| EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                     |            |                  |                                |
| Equity                                                     |            |                  |                                |
| Equity share capital                                       | 2.11       | 2,024            | 2,073                          |
| Other equity                                               |            | 90,828           | 93,745                         |
| Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company |            | 92,852           | 95,818                         |
| Non-controlling interests                                  |            | 445              | 385                            |
| Total equity                                               |            | 93,297           | 96,203                         |
| Liabilities                                                |            |                  |                                |
| Non-current liabilities                                    |            |                  |                                |
| Financial Liabilities                                      |            |                  |                                |
| Lease liabilities                                          | 2.19       | 6,016            | 5,772                          |
| Other financial liabilities                                | 2.12       | 2,092            | 2,141                          |
| Deferred tax liabilities (net)                             |            | 1,679            | 1,722                          |
| Other non-current liabilities                              | 2.13       | 561              | 215                            |
| Total non-current liabilities                              |            | 10,348           | 9,850                          |
| Current liabilities                                        |            |                  |                                |
| Financial Liabilities                                      |            |                  |                                |
| Lease liabilities                                          | 2.19       | 3,160            | 2,455                          |
| Trade payables                                             |            | 4,744            | 4,164                          |
| Other financial liabilities                                | 2.12       | 21,483           | 18,138                         |
| Other current liabilities                                  | 2.13       | 15,779           | 11,765                         |
| Provisions Income tax liabilities (net)                    | 2.14       | 1,512 5,644      | 1,475 4,853                    |
| Total current liabilities                                  |            | 52,322           | 42,850                         |
| Total equity and liabilities                               |            | 155,967          | 148,903                        |

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins &amp; Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No :
117366W/ W-100018
| Vikas Bagaria Partner Membership No. 060408   | Nandan M. Nilekani Chairman DIN: 00041245   | Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director DIN: 01876159   | Bobby Parikh Director DIN: 00019437   |
|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| Bengaluru                                     | Jayesh Sanghrajka                           | A.G.S. Manikantha                                                          |                                       |
| April 23, 2026                                | Chief Financial                             | Company Secretary Membership No. A21918                                    |                                       |
|                                               | Officer                                     |                                                                            |                                       |

for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
## INFOSYS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES
| Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the                | Note No.   | (In ₹ crore, except equity share and per equity share data)   | (In ₹ crore, except equity share and per equity share data)   | (In ₹ crore, except equity share and per equity share data)   | (In ₹ crore, except equity share and per equity share data)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the                | Note No.   | 2026                                                          | 2025                                                          | 2026                                                          | 2025                                                          |
| Revenue from operations                                                    | 2.16       | 46,402                                                        | 40,925                                                        | 178,650                                                       | 162,990                                                       |
| Other income, net                                                          | 2.17       | 1,159                                                         | 1,190                                                         | 4,322                                                         | 3,600                                                         |
| Total income                                                               |            | 47,561                                                        | 42,115                                                        | 182,972                                                       | 166,590                                                       |
| Expenses                                                                   |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Employee benefit expenses                                                  | 2.18       | 24,688                                                        | 22,015                                                        | 95,094                                                        | 85,950                                                        |
| Cost of technical sub-contractors                                          |            | 3,952                                                         | 3,276                                                         | 15,421                                                        | 12,937                                                        |
| Travel expenses                                                            |            | 532                                                           | 520                                                           | 2,097                                                         | 1,894                                                         |
| Cost of software packages and others                                       | 2.18       | 3,969                                                         | 3,899                                                         | 15,722                                                        | 15,911                                                        |
| Communication expenses                                                     |            | 141                                                           | 147                                                           | 603                                                           | 620                                                           |
| Consultancy and professional charges                                       |            | 661                                                           | 301                                                           | 2,090                                                         | 1,655                                                         |
| Depreciation and amortization expenses                                     |            | 1,424                                                         | 1,299                                                         | 4,902                                                         | 4,812                                                         |
| Finance cost                                                               |            | 105                                                           | 102                                                           | 416                                                           | 416                                                           |
| Other expenses                                                             | 2.18       | 1,292                                                         | 893                                                           | 5,343                                                         | 4,787                                                         |
| Total expenses                                                             |            | 36,764                                                        | 32,452                                                        | 141,688                                                       | 128,982                                                       |
| Profit before exceptional item and tax                                     |            | 10,797                                                        | 9,663                                                         | 41,284                                                        | 37,608                                                        |
| Exceptional item                                                           |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Impact of Labour Codes                                                     | 2.18.1     | -                                                             | -                                                             | 1,289                                                         | -                                                             |
| Profit before tax                                                          |            | 10,797                                                        | 9,663                                                         | 39,995                                                        | 37,608                                                        |
| Tax expense:                                                               |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Current tax                                                                | 2.15       | 2,664                                                         | 2,784                                                         | 11,767                                                        | 12,130                                                        |
| Deferred tax                                                               | 2.15       | (376)                                                         | (159)                                                         | (1,246)                                                       | (1,272)                                                       |
| Profit for the period                                                      |            | 8,509                                                         | 7,038                                                         | 29,474                                                        | 26,750                                                        |
| Other comprehensive income                                                 |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss         |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability/asset, net              |            | (236)                                                         | (145)                                                         | (288)                                                         | (92)                                                          |
| Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, net                 |            | 374                                                           | 29                                                            | 397                                                           | 19                                                            |
|                                                                            |            | 138                                                           | (116)                                                         | 109                                                           | (73)                                                          |
| Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss             |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow hedge, net       |            | (11)                                                          | (56)                                                          | (1)                                                           | (24)                                                          |
| Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                  |            | 1,021                                                         | 384                                                           | 3,256                                                         | 357                                                           |
| Fair value changes on investments, net                                     |            | (93)                                                          | 63                                                            | (27)                                                          | 199                                                           |
|                                                                            |            | 917                                                           | 391                                                           | 3,228                                                         | 532                                                           |
| Total other comprehensive income /(loss), net of tax                       |            | 1,055                                                         | 275                                                           | 3,337                                                         | 459                                                           |
| Total comprehensive income for the period                                  |            | 9,564                                                         | 7,313                                                         | 32,811                                                        | 27,209                                                        |
| Profit attributable to:                                                    |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Owners of the Company                                                      |            | 8,501                                                         | 7,033                                                         | 29,440                                                        | 26,713                                                        |
| Non-controlling interests                                                  |            | 8                                                             | 5                                                             | 34                                                            | 37                                                            |
|                                                                            |            | 8,509                                                         | 7,038                                                         | 29,474                                                        | 26,750                                                        |
| Total comprehensive income attributable to:                                |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Owners of the Company                                                      |            | 9,546                                                         | 7,304                                                         | 32,750                                                        | 27,167                                                        |
| Non-controlling interests                                                  |            | 18                                                            | 9                                                             | 61                                                            | 42                                                            |
|                                                                            |            | 9,564                                                         | 7,313                                                         | 32,811                                                        | 27,209                                                        |
| Earnings per equity share                                                  |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Equity shares of par value ₹5/- each                                       |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Basic (₹)                                                                  |            | 21.01                                                         | 16.98                                                         | 71.58                                                         | 64.50                                                         |
| Diluted (₹)                                                                |            | 20.98                                                         | 16.94                                                         | 71.46                                                         | 64.34                                                         |
| Weighted average equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share |            |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |                                                               |
| Basic (in shares)                                                          | 2.20       | 4,046,019,309                                                 | 4,142,429,577                                                 | 4,112,814,745                                                 | 4,141,611,738                                                 |
| Diluted (in shares)                                                        | 2.20       | 4,052,169,447                                                 | 4,151,537,321                                                 | 4,120,108,168                                                 | 4,152,051,184                                                 |

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins &amp; Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No :
117366W/ W-100018
| Vikas Bagaria Partner Membership No. 060408   | Nandan M. Nilekani Chairman DIN: 00041245   | Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director DIN: 01876159   | Bobby Parikh Director DIN: 00019437   |
|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| Bengaluru                                     | Jayesh Sanghrajka                           | A.G.S. Manikantha                                                          |                                       |
| April 23,                                     | Chief Financial                             | Company Secretary                                                          |                                       |
| 2026                                          | Officer                                     |                                                                            |                                       |
|                                               |                                             | Membership No. A21918                                                      |                                       |

for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
