---
document_name: "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026.md"
group_id: "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026__group_023"
source_section_count: 2
page_start: 101
page_end: 105
estimated_tokens: 5568
source_section_ids:
  - "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026__043"
  - "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026__044"
---

# The estimated useful life is around 1 year to 7 years
The excess of the purchase consideration paid over the fair value of assets acquired has been attributed to goodwill. The primary items that generated this goodwill are the value of the acquired assembled workforce and estimated synergies, neither of which qualify as an intangible asset.
Goodwill amounting to ₹ 79 crore is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
The total purchase consideration of ₹ 811 crore includes upfront cash consideration of ₹ 741 crore and contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of ₹ 70 crore as on the date of acquisition.
At the acquisition date, the key inputs used in determination of the fair value of contingent consideration are the probabilities assigned towards achievement of financial targets and discount rates ranging from 2% - 3%. The undiscounted value of contingent consideration as of December 31, 2025 was approximately ₹ 81 crore.
Additionally, these acquisitions have retention bonus and management incentives payable to the employees of the acquiree over 2-3 years, subject to their continuous employment with the Group and achievement of financial targets for the respective years. Retention bonus and management incentives are recognized in employee benefit expenses in the Statement of Comprehensive Income over the period of service.
Fair value of trade receivables acquired is ₹ 194 crore as of acquisition date and as of December 31, 2025, the amounts are substantially collected.
Transaction costs that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination such as finder's fees, legal fees, due diligence fees, and other professional and consulting fees are expensed as incurred. The transaction costs of ₹ 34 crore related to the acquisition have been included under administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the nine months ended December 31, 2025.
## Proposed Acquisition
On August 13, 2025, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 75% of the equity share capital in Telstra Purple Pty Ltd, including some of its subsidiaries (together known as Versent Group), Australia's leading Digital Transformation Solutions Provider for a consideration including earn-outs and deferred consideration amounting up to AUD 233 million (approximately ₹ 1,335 crore), excluding retention bonus and management incentives, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing adjustments.
## 2.11 Employees' Stock Option Plans (ESOP) X 1 4 A O
## Accounting Policy
The Group recognizes compensation expense relating to share-based payments in net profit based on estimated fair-values of the awards on the grant date. The estimated fair value of awards is recognized as an expense in net profit in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straightline basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-substance, multiple awards with a corresponding increase to share premium.
## Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019 (the 2019 Plan):
On June 22, 2019 pursuant to the approval by the shareholders in the Annual General Meeting, the Board has been authorized to introduce, offer, issue and provide share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2019 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2019 plan shall not exceed 50,000,000 equity shares. To implement the 2019 Plan , up to 45,000,000 equity shares may be issued by way of secondary acquisition of shares by the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust. The Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted under the 2019 plan shall vest based on the achievement of defined annual performance parameters as determined by the administrator (Nomination and Remuneration Committee). The performance parameters will be based on a combination of relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against selected industry peers and certain broader market domestic and global indices and operating performance metrics of the company as decided by administrator. Each of the above performance parameters will be distinct for the purposes of calculation of quantity of shares to vest based on performance. These instruments will generally vest between a minimum of 1 to maximum of 3 years from the grant date.
## 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Plan):
On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders through postal ballot, the Board was authorized to introduce, offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2015 plan shall not exceed 24,038,883 equity shares (this includes 11,223,576 equity shares which are held by the trust towards the 2011 Plan as at March 31, 2016). These instruments will generally vest over a period of 4 years. The plan numbers mentioned above are further adjusted with the September 2018 bonus issue.
The equity settled and cash settled RSUs and stock options would vest generally over a period of 4 years and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NARC). The exercise price of the RSUs will be equal to the par value of the shares and the exercise price of the stock options would be the market price as on the date of grant.
Controlled trust holds 8,984,436 and 9,655,927 shares as at December 31, 2025 and March 31, 2025, respectively under the 2015 plan, out of these shares 200,000 equity shares each have been earmarked for welfare activities of the employees as at December 31, 2025 and March 31, 2025.
The following is the summary of grants during three months and nine months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
| Particulars                               | Three months ended December 31,   | Three months ended December 31,   | Nine months ended December 31,   | Nine months ended December 31,   |
|-------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------|----------------------------------|
|                                           | 2025                              | 2024                              | 2025                             | 2024                             |
| 2015 Plan: RSU                            |                                   |                                   |                                  |                                  |
| Equity settled RSUs                       |                                   |                                   |                                  |                                  |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | -                                 | -                                 | 277,077                          | 295,168                          |
| Employees other than KMP                  | 109,893                           | 22,880                            | 117,293                          | 152,220                          |
|                                           | 109,893                           | 22,880                            | 394,370                          | 447,388                          |
| 2015 Plan: Employee Stock Options (ESOPs) |                                   |                                   |                                  |                                  |
| Equity settled RSUs                       |                                   |                                   |                                  |                                  |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | -                                 | -                                 | 237,370                          | -                                |
| Employees other than KMP                  | -                                 | -                                 | 5,412,790                        | -                                |
|                                           | -                                 | -                                 | 5,650,160                        | -                                |
| Cash settled RSUs                         |                                   |                                   |                                  |                                  |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | -                                 | -                                 | -                                | -                                |
| Employees other than KMP                  | -                                 | -                                 | 108,180                          | -                                |
|                                           | -                                 | -                                 | 108,180                          | -                                |
| Total Grants under 2015 Plan              | 109,893                           | 22,880                            | 6,152,710                        | 447,388                          |
| 2019 Plan: RSU                            |                                   |                                   |                                  |                                  |
| Equity settled RSUs                       |                                   |                                   |                                  |                                  |
| Key Management Personnel (KMP)            | -                                 | -                                 | 66,366                           | 70,699                           |
| Employees other than KMP                  | 3,065                             | -                                 | 3,065                            | 6,848                            |
|                                           | 3,065                             | -                                 | 69,431                           | 77,547                           |
| Total Grants under 2019 Plan              | 3,065                             | -                                 | 69,431                           | 77,547                           |

## Under the 2015 plan:
The Board, on April 17, 2025, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee approved the following grants for fiscal 2026. In accordance with such approval the following grants were made effective May 2, 2025.
-230,621 performance-based RSUs (Annual performance equity grant) of fair value of ₹ 34.75 crore. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain performance targets.
- 13,273 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance equity ESG grant) of fair value of ₹ 2 crore. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain environment, social and governance milestones as determined by the Board.

- 33,183 performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance Equity TSR grant) of fair value of ₹ 5 crore . These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement based on Company's performance on cumulative relative TSR over the years and as determined by the Board.

Though the annual time based grants and annual performance equity TSR grant for the remaining employment term ending on March 31, 2027 have not been granted as of December 31, 2025, since the service commencement date precedes the grant date, the company has recorded employment stock compensation expense in accordance with IFRS 2, Share based payments. The grant date for this purpose in accordance with IFRS 2, Share based payments is July 1, 2022.
## Under the 2019 plan:
The Board, on April 17, 2025, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved performance-based grant of RSUs amounting to ₹ 10 crore for fiscal 2026 under the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest based on achievement of certain performance targets. Accordingly, 66,366 performance based RSU's were granted effective May 2, 2025.
## Under the 2015 plan:
During the nine months ended December 31, 2025, based on recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved time based grants of 237,370 ESOPs to Other KMP under the 2015 Plan. These stock options will vest over a period of 4 years and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the Committee. The exercise price of the stock options would be the market price as on the date of grant.
The break-up of employee stock compensation expense is as follows:
|                          | Three months ended   | Three months ended   | (in ₹ crore) Nine months ended   | (in ₹ crore) Nine months ended   |
|--------------------------|----------------------|----------------------|----------------------------------|----------------------------------|
|                          | 2025                 | 2024                 | 2025                             | 2024                             |
| Granted to:              |                      |                      |                                  |                                  |
| KMP                      | 17                   | 17                   | 53                               | 52                               |
| Employees other than KMP | 213                  | 168                  | 649                              | 553                              |
| Total (1)                | 230                  | 185                  | 702                              | 605                              |
| (1)                      | 6                    | 2                    | 15                               | 14                               |

(1) Cash settled stock compensation expense included in the above
The fair value of the awards are estimated using the Black-Scholes Model for time and non-market performance based options and Monte Carlo simulation model is used for TSR based options.
The inputs to the model include the share price at date of grant, exercise price, expected volatility, expected dividends, expected term and the risk free rate of interest. Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on historical volatility of the observed market prices of the Company's publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the options. Expected volatility of the comparative company have been modelled based on historical movements in the market prices of their publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the options. Correlation coefficient is calculated between each peer entity and the indices as a whole or between each entity in the peer group.
The fair value of each equity settled award is estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:
| Particulars                                                  | For options granted in          | For options granted in   | For options granted in           | For options granted in   | For options granted in         | For options granted in   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|--------------------------|----------------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------|
|                                                              | Fiscal 2026- Equity Shares- RSU | Fiscal 2026- ADR RSU     | Fiscal 2026- Equity Shares- ESOP | Fiscal 2026- ADS-ESOP    | Fiscal 2025- Equity Shares-RSU | Fiscal 2025- ADS-RSU     |
| Weighted average share price ( ₹ ) / ($ ADS)                 | 1,505                           | 16.57                    | 1,554                            | 17.93                    | 1,437                          | 18.42                    |
| Exercise price ( ₹ )/ ($ ADS)                                | 5.00                            | 0.10                     | 1,554                            | 17.93                    | 5.00                           | 0.07                     |
| Expected volatility (%)                                      | 23-26                           | 25-26                    | 25-28                            | 26-30                    | 21-26                          | 23-28                    |
| Expected life of the option (years)                          | 1-4                             | 1-4                      | 3-7                              | 3-7                      | 1-4                            | 1-4                      |
| Expected dividends (%)                                       | 2-3                             | 2-3                      | 2-3                              | 2-3                      | 2-3                            | 2-3                      |
| Risk-free interest rate (%)                                  | 6                               | 4                        | 6                                | 4                        | 7                              | 4-5                      |
| Weighted average fair value as on grant date ( ₹ ) / ($ ADS) | 1,354                           | 15.16                    | 390                              | 4.09                     | 1,319                          | 16.94                    |

The expected life of the RSU/ESOP is estimated based on the vesting term and contractual term of the RSU/ESOP, as well as expected exercise behavior of the employee who receives the RSU/ESOP.

## 2.12 Income Taxes X 1 5 A O
## Accounting policy
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax. Income tax expense is recognized in net profit in the interim condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive income except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity, in which case it is recognized in equity or other comprehensive income. Current income tax for current and prior periods is recognized at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements except when the deferred income tax arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date and are expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of changes in tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment or the substantive enactment date. A deferred income tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized. Deferred income taxes are not provided on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and branches where it is expected that the earnings of the subsidiary or branch will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.
The Group offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities; deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, where it has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The income tax provision for the interim period is made based on the best estimate of the annual average tax rate expected to be applicable for the full financial year. Tax benefits of deductions earned on exercise of employee share options in excess of compensation charged to income are credited to equity.
Income tax expense in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income comprises:
|                    |            |                   | (In ₹ crore) Nine months ended December 31,   | (In ₹ crore) Nine months ended December 31,   |
|--------------------|------------|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| Particulars        | 2025 ended | 2024 December 31, | 2025                                          | 2024                                          |
| Current taxes      |            |                   |                                               |                                               |
| Domestic taxes     | 2,106      | 2,450             | 6,884                                         | 7,093                                         |
| Foreign taxes      | 765        | 752               | 2,219                                         | 2,253                                         |
|                    | 2,871      | 3,202             | 9,103                                         | 9,346                                         |
| Deferred taxes     |            |                   |                                               |                                               |
| Domestic taxes     | (210)      | (209)             | (550)                                         | (705)                                         |
| Foreign taxes      | (98)       | (145)             | (319)                                         | (408)                                         |
|                    | (308)      | (354)             | (869)                                         | (1,113)                                       |
| Income tax expense | 2,563      | 2,848             | 8,234                                         | 8,233                                         |

Income tax expense for the three months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 includes reversal (net of provisions) of ₹ 77 crore and provisions (net of reversal) of ₹ 106 crore, respectively. Income tax expense for the nine months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 includes provisions (net of reversal) of ₹ 38 crore and provisions (net of reversal) of ₹ 249 crore, respectively. These provisions and reversals pertaining to prior periods are primarily on account of adjudication of certain disputed matters, upon filing of tax return and completion of assessments, across various jurisdictions.
Deferred income tax for the three months and nine months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 substantially relates to origination and reversal of temporary differences.
The Company's Advanced Pricing Arrangement (APA) with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for US branch income tax expired in March 2021. The Company has applied for renewal of APA and currently the US taxable income is based on the Company's best estimate determined based on the expected value method.
As at December 31, 2025, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted to ₹ 2,054 crore.
As at March 31, 2025, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted to ₹ 1,933 crore.
The amount paid to statutory authorities against the tax claims amounted to ₹ 1,693 crore and ₹ 4,199 crore as at December 31, 2025 and March 31, 2025, respectively.
The claims against the Group primarily represent demands arising on completion of assessment proceedings under the Income Tax Act, 1961. These claims are on account of issues of disallowance of expenditure towards software being held as capital in nature, payments made to Associated Enterprises held as liable for withholding of taxes, among others. These matters are pending before various Income Tax Authorities and the Management including its tax advisors expect that its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position and results of operations.
## 2.13 Earnings per equity share
## Accounting Policy
Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per equity share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. The dilutive potential equity shares are adjusted for the proceeds receivable had the equity shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e. the average market value of the outstanding equity shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as at the beginning of the period, unless issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity shares are determined independently for each period presented.
The number of equity shares and potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented for any share splits and bonus shares issues including for changes effected prior to the approval of the financial statements by the Board of Directors.
## 2.14 Related party transactions
Refer to note 2.14 "Related party transactions" in the Company's 2025 Consolidated financial statements under IFRS in Indian rupee for the full names and other details of the Company's subsidiaries and controlled trusts.
## Changes in Subsidiaries
During the nine months ended December 31, 2025, the following are the changes in the subsidiaries:
- . Infosys Energy Consulting Services LLC , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC was incorporated on April 16, 2025.
- . Infosys Saudi Arabia LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited was incorporated on April 21, 2025.
- . Infosys Australia Technology Service Pty Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Limited was incorporated on April 23, 2025.
- . On April 30, 2025, Infosys Nova Holdings LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, acquired 98.21% of partnership interests in MRE Consulting Ltd along with its subsidiary MRE Technology Services, LLC. The remaining 1.79% was acquired by Infosys Energy Consulting Services LLC , a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC.
- . On April 30, 2025, Infosys Australia Technology Service Pty Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Limited, acquired 100% of voting interests in The Missing Link Automation Pty Ltd, The Missing Link Network Integration Pty Ltd and The Missing Link Security Pty Ltd along with its subsidiary The Missing Link Security Ltd
- . in-tech Automotive Engineering de. R L de. C V, a wholly-owned subsidiary of in-tech GmbH has been liquidated effective May 07, 2025.
- . On May 13, 2025,  Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd diluted 2% stake of HIPUS Co., Ltd to Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
- . Infosys BPM Canada Inc, a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM UK Limited was incorporated on July 28, 2025
- . Infosys Germany Gmbh, a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd merged into Infosys Germany SE (formerly known as Blitz 24-893 SE) effective September 24, 2025
- . in-tech Engineering services S.R.L, (Wholly-owned subsidiary of in-tech GmbH) merged into ProIT (Wholly-owned subsidiary of in-tech GmbH) effective November 30, 2025

## Transactions with key management personnel
The table below describes the compensation to key management personnel which comprise directors and executive officers:
| Particulars                                                                                           |   Three months ended December 31, |   Three months ended December 31, |   (In ₹ crore) Nine months ended December 31, |   (In ₹ crore) Nine months ended December 31, |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
|                                                                                                       |                              2025 |                              2024 |                                          2025 |                                          2024 |
| Salaries and other short term employee benefits to whole-time directors and executive officers (1)(2) |                                29 |                                28 |                                            89 |                                            84 |
| Commission and other benefits to non-executive/ independent directors                                 |                                 6 |                                 5 |                                            15 |                                            14 |
| Total                                                                                                 |                                35 |                                33 |                                           104 |                                            98 |

(1) Total employee stock compensation expense for the three months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 includes a charge of ₹ 17 crore and ₹ 17 crore respectively, towards key management personnel. For the nine months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, includes a charge of ₹ 53 crore and ₹ 52 crore respectively, towards key management personnel. (Refer note 2.11)
(2) Does not include post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits based on actuarial valuation as these are done for the Company as a whole.
