---
document_name: "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026.md"
group_id: "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026__group_033"
source_section_count: 2
page_start: 147
page_end: 150
estimated_tokens: 4505
source_section_ids:
  - "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026__064"
  - "Infosys_14012026160405_BM_Outcome_January142026__065"
---

## 2.17 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
## Accounting Policy
The Company derives revenues primarily from IT services comprising software development and related services, cloud and infrastructure services, maintenance, consulting and package implementation, licensing of software products and platforms across the Company's core and digital offerings (together called as 'software related services'). Contracts with customers are either on a time-and-material, unit of work, fixed-price or on a fixedtimeframe basis.
Revenues from customer contracts are considered for recognition and measurement when the contract has been approved in writing, by the parties, to the contract, the parties to contract are committed to perform their respective obligations under the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services ('performance obligations') to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company has received or expects to receive in exchange for these products or services ('transaction price'). When there is uncertainty as to collectability, revenue recognition is postponed until such uncertainty is resolved.
The Company assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies distinct performance obligations in the contract. The Company allocates the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling price. In the absence of such evidence, the primary method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin, under which the Company estimates the cost of satisfying the performance obligation and then adds an appropriate margin based on similar services.
The Company's contracts may include variable consideration including rebates, volume discounts and penalties. The Company includes variable consideration as part of transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount of the variable consideration and when it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.
Revenue on time-and-material and unit of work based contracts, are recognized as the related services are performed. Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on a straight-line basis when services are performed through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or ratably using a percentage of completion method when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and Company's costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. Revenue from other fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method. Efforts or costs expended are used to determine progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. Progress towards completion is measured as the ratio of costs or efforts incurred to date (representing work performed) to the estimated total costs or efforts. Estimates of transaction price and total costs or efforts are continuously monitored over the term of the contracts and are recognized in net profit in the period when these estimates change or when the estimates are revised. Revenues and the estimated total costs or efforts are subject to revision as the contract progresses. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
The billing schedules agreed with customers include periodic performance based billing and / or milestone based progress billings. Revenues in excess of billing are classified as unbilled revenue while billing in excess of revenues are classified as contract liabilities (which we refer to as "unearned revenues").
In arrangements for software development and related services and maintenance services, by applying the revenue recognition criteria for each distinct performance obligation, the arrangements with customers generally meet the criteria for considering software development and related services as distinct performance obligations. For allocating the transaction price, the Company measures the revenue in respect of each performance obligation of a contract at its relative standalone selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling price. In cases where the Company is unable to determine the standalone selling price, the Company uses the expected cost plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. For software development and related services, the performance obligations are satisfied as and when the services are rendered since the customer generally obtains control of the work as it progresses.
Certain cloud and infrastructure services contracts include multiple elements which may be subject to other specific accounting guidance, such as leasing guidance. These contracts are accounted in accordance with such specific accounting guidance. In such arrangements where the Company is able to determine that hardware and services are distinct performance obligations, it allocates the consideration to these performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. In the absence of standalone selling price, the Company uses the expected cost-plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. When such arrangements are considered as a single performance obligation, revenue is recognized over the period and measure of progress is determined based on promise in the contract.
Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a 'right to use' the licenses is recognized at the time the license is made available to the customer. Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a 'right to access' is recognized over the access period.
Arrangements to deliver software products generally have three elements: license, implementation and Annual Technical Services (ATS). When implementation services are provided in conjunction with the licensing arrangement and the license and implementation have been identified as two distinct separate performance obligations, the transaction price for such contracts are allocated to each performance obligation of the contract based on their relative standalone selling prices. In the absence of standalone selling price for implementation, the Company uses the expected cost plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. Where the license is required to be substantially customized as part of the implementation service the entire arrangement fee for license and implementation is considered to be a single performance obligation and the revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method as the implementation is performed. Revenue from client training, support and other services arising due to the sale of software products is recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied. ATS revenue is recognized ratably on a straight line basis over the period in which the services are rendered.
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or third-party vendor equipment or software in certain integrated services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products or services is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and gross when the Company is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Company first evaluates whether it obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer. The Company considers whether it is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified goods or services, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether it controls the specified goods or services and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent.
A contract modification is a change in the scope or price or both of a contract that is approved by the parties to the contract. A contract modification that results in the addition of distinct performance obligations are accounted for either as a separate contract if the additional services are priced at the standalone selling price or as a termination of the existing contract and creation of a new contract if they are not priced at the standalone selling price. If the modification does not result in a distinct performance obligation, it is accounted for as part of the existing contract on a cumulative catch-up basis.
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract (i.e., costs that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained) are recognized as an asset if the Company expects to recover them.
Certain eligible, nonrecurring costs (e.g. set-up or transition or transformation costs) that do not represent a separate performance obligation are recognized as an asset when such costs (a) relate directly to the contract; (b) generate or enhance resources of the Company that will be used in satisfying the performance obligation in the future; and (c) are expected to be recovered.
Capitalized contract costs relating to upfront payments to customers are amortized to revenue and other capitalized costs are amortized to expenses over the respective contract life on a systematic basis consistent with the transfer of goods or services to customer to which the asset relates. Capitalized costs are monitored regularly for impairment. Impairment losses are recorded when present value of projected remaining operating cash flows is not sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the capitalized costs.
The Company presents revenues net of indirect taxes in its Statement of Profit and Loss.
Revenue from operations for the three months and nine months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 is as follows:
|                                     |        |        | (In ₹ crore)   | (In ₹ crore)   |
|-------------------------------------|--------|--------|----------------|----------------|
|                                     | 2025   | 2024   | 2025           | 2024           |
| Revenue from software services      | 37,730 | 34,631 | 109,413        | 101,648        |
| Revenue from products and platforms | 266    | 284    | 765            | 807            |
| Total revenue from operations       | 37,996 | 34,915 | 110,178        | 102,455        |

The percentage of revenue from fixed-price contracts for each of the three months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 is 59%. The percentage of revenue from fixed-price contracts for each of the nine months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 is 58%.
## Trade receivables and Contract Balances
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in receivables, unbilled revenue, and unearned revenue on the Company's Balance Sheet. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals (e.g., monthly or quarterly) or upon achievement of contractual milestones.
The Company's receivables are rights to consideration that are unconditional. Unbilled revenues comprising revenues in excess of billings from time and material contracts and fixed price maintenance contracts are classified as financial asset when the right to consideration is unconditional and is due only after a passage of time.
Invoicing to the clients for other fixed price contracts is based on milestones as defined in the contract and therefore the timing of revenue recognition is different from the timing of invoicing to the customers. Therefore unbilled revenues for other fixed price contracts (contract asset) are classified as non-financial asset because the right to consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones.
Invoicing in excess of earnings are classified as unearned revenue.
Trade receivables and unbilled revenues are presented net of impairment in the Balance Sheet.

## 2.18 OTHER INCOME, NET
## 2.18.1 Other income
## Accounting Policy
Other income is comprised primarilyof interest income, dividend income, gain / loss on investments and exchange gain/loss on forward and options contracts and on translation of foreign currency assets and liabilities.Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established.
## 2.18.2 Foreign currency
## Functional currency
The functional currency of the Company is the Indian rupee. These financial statements are presented in Indian rupees (rounded off to crore; one crore equals ten million).
## Transactions and translations
Foreign-currencydenominatedmonetary assets and liabilitiesare translated into the relevant functionalcurrency at exchange rates in effect at the Balance Sheet date. The gains or losses resulting from such translations are recognized in the condensed standalone Statement of Profit and Loss and reported within exchange gains/(losses) on translationof assets and liabilities,net, except when deferred in Other Comprehensive Income as qualifyingcash flow hedges. Non-monetaryassets and non-monetaryliabilitiesdenominated in a foreign currency and measured at fair value are translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary assets and nonmonetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured at historical cost are translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date of the transaction. The related revenue and expense are recognized using the same exchange rate.
Transaction gains or losses realized upon settlement of foreign currency transactions are included in determining net profit for the period in which the transaction is settled. Revenue, expense and cash-flow items denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the relevant functional currencies using the exchange rate in effect on the date of the transaction.
Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes includes translation differences on non-monetary financial assets measured at fair value at the reporting date, such as equities classified as financial instruments and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
## Government grant
The Company recognizes government grants only when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attached to them shall be complied with, and the grants will be received. Government grants related to assets are treated as deferred income and are recognized in the net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful life of the asset. Government grants related to revenue are recognized on a systematic basis in the net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs which they are intended to compensate.
Other income for the three months and nine months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 is as follows:
| Particulars                                                                                      | 2025 months   | 2024 December 31,   | 2025 months   | 2024 December 31,   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|---------------------|---------------|---------------------|
| Interest income on financial assets carried at amortized cost                                    |               |                     |               |                     |
| Tax free bonds and government bonds                                                              | 6             | 31                  | 48            | 91                  |
| Deposit with Bank and others                                                                     | 258           | 277                 | 965           | 764                 |
| Interest income on financial assets carried at fair value through other comprehensive income     |               |                     |               |                     |
| Non-convertible debentures, commercial papers, certificates of deposit and government securities | 219           | 185                 | 774           | 711                 |
| Income on investments carried at fair value through profit or loss                               |               |                     |               |                     |
| Gain / (loss) on mutual funds and other investments                                              | 72            | 37                  | 175           | 194                 |
| Income on investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income                   | 17            | -                   | 17            | 2                   |
| Income on investments carried at amortized cost                                                  | -             | -                   | 81            | -                   |
| Dividend received from subsidiary                                                                | 1,278         | 200                 | 2,676         | 1,322               |
| Exchange gains/(losses) on foreign currency forward and options contracts                        | (141)         | 274                 | (1,501)       | (107)               |
| Exchange gains/(losses) on translation of other assets and liabilities                           | 288           | (93)                | 1,820         | 281                 |
| Miscellaneous income, net*                                                                       | 280           | 90                  | 372           | 201                 |
| Total other income                                                                               | 2,277         | 1,001               | 5,427         | 3,459               |

*Includes profit on sale of property plant and equipment amounting to ₹ 165 crore for the three months ended December 31, 2025.
## 2.19 EXPENSES
## 2.19.1 Gratuity and Pension
The Companyprovides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan ('the Gratuity Plan') covering eligibleIndian employees of Infosys. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount based on the respective employee's salary and the tenure of employment with the Company. The Company contributes Gratuity liabilities to the Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust (the Trust). Trustees administer contributions made to the Trusts and contributions are invested in a scheme with the Life Insurance Corporation of India as permitted by Indian law.
The Company operates defined benefit pension plan in certain overseas jurisdictions,in accordance with the local laws. These plans are managed by third party fund managers. The plans provide for periodic payouts after retirement and / or for a lumpsum payment as set out in rules of each fund and includes death and disabilitybenefits. The defined benefit plans require contributions which are based on a percentage of salary that varies depending on the age of the respective employees.
Liabilitieswith regard to these defined benefit plans are determined by actuarial valuation,performed by an external actuary, at each Balance Sheet date using the projected unit credit method. These defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk,  interest rate risk and market risk.
The Company recognizes the net obligationof a defined benefit plan in its Balance Sheet as an asset or liability.Gains and losses through re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability/(asset)are recognized in other comprehensive income and are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The actual return of the portfolio of plan assets, in excess of the yields computed by applyingthe discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligationis recognized in other comprehensive income. The effect of any plan amendments is recognized in net profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
## 2.19.2 Provident fund
Eligible employees of Infosys receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined benefit plan. Both the eligible employee and the Company make monthlycontributions to the provident fund plan equal to a specified percentage of the covered employee's salary. The Company contributes a portion to the Infosys Limited Employees' Provident Fund Trust. The trust invests in specific designated instruments as permitted by Indian law. The remaining portion is contributed to the government administered pension fund. The rate at which the annual interest is payable to the beneficiariesby the trust is being administered by the Government of India. The Company has an obligationto make good the shortfall, if any, between the return from the investments of the Trust and the notified interest rate.
## 2.19.3 Superannuation
Certain employees of Infosys are participants in a defined contribution plan. The Company has no further obligations to the Plan beyond its monthly contributions which are periodically contributed to a trust fund, the corpus of which is invested with the Life Insurance Corporation of India.
## 2.19.4 Compensated absences
The Company has a policy on compensated absences which are both accumulating and non-accumulatingin nature. The expected cost of accumulating compensated absences is determined by actuarial valuation performed by an external actuary at each Balance Sheet date using projected unit credit method on the additional amount expected to be paid/availed as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the Balance Sheet date. Expense on non-accumulating compensated absences is recognized in the period in which the absences occur.
|                                                                          |                                 |                                 |                                | (In ₹ crore)                   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|---------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| Particulars                                                              | Three months ended December 31, | Three months ended December 31, | Nine months ended December 31, | Nine months ended December 31, |
|                                                                          | 2025                            | 2024                            | 2025                           | 2024                           |
| Employee benefit expenses                                                |                                 |                                 |                                |                                |
| Salaries including bonus                                                 | 17,714                          | 16,036                          | 51,676                         | 47,866                         |
| Contribution to provident and other funds                                | 582                             | 527                             | 1,733                          | 1,545                          |
| Share based payments to employees (Refer to note 2.11)                   | 203                             | 167                             | 622                            | 537                            |
| Staff welfare                                                            | 108                             | 119                             | 323                            | 260                            |
|                                                                          | 18,607                          | 16,849                          | 54,354                         | 50,208                         |
| Cost of software packages and others                                     |                                 |                                 |                                |                                |
| For own use                                                              | 566                             | 488                             | 1,619                          | 1,434                          |
| Third party items bought for service delivery to clients                 | 1,782                           | 2,489                           | 5,240                          | 6,040                          |
|                                                                          | 2,348                           | 2,977                           | 6,859                          | 7,474                          |
| Other expenses                                                           |                                 |                                 |                                |                                |
| Power and fuel                                                           | 49                              | 45                              | 149                            | 152                            |
| Brand and Marketing                                                      | 254                             | 229                             | 841                            | 757                            |
| Rates and taxes                                                          | 46                              | 39                              | 168                            | 201                            |
| Repairs and Maintenance                                                  | 286                             | 245                             | 830                            | 732                            |
| Consumables                                                              | 9                               | 6                               | 23                             | 21                             |
| Insurance                                                                | 72                              | 63                              | 201                            | 184                            |
| Provision for post-sales client support and others                       | 24                              | 92                              | (78)                           | 111                            |
| Commission to non-whole time directors                                   | 5                               | 5                               | 14                             | 13                             |
| Impairment loss recognized / (reversed) under expected credit loss model | 50                              | 19                              | 114                            | 86                             |
| Auditor's remuneration                                                   |                                 |                                 |                                |                                |
| Statutory audit fees                                                     | 2                               | 2                               | 6                              | 6                              |
| Contributions towards Corporate Social Responsibility                    | 169                             | 153                             | 412                            | 458                            |
| Others                                                                   | 183                             | 42                              | 409                            | 236                            |
|                                                                          | 1,149                           | 940                             | 3,089                          | 2,957                          |
