---
document_id: "fc73ba3cb5c661e6b2b476751ce389db9bad727a31c2f35218aadebe04a35dc4"
title: "Infosys Limited has informed the Exchange regarding 'Infosys and Street Child Unite to Enable Access to Quality Education in Ukraine with Digital Innovation'."
document_date: "Unknown"
category: "Updates"
pages: 4
priority: 2
source_url: "https://nsearchives.nseindia.com/corporate/Infosys_27012025153615_PR_27012025.pdf"
source_filename: "Infosys_27012025153615_PR_27012025_fc73ba3c.pdf"
downloaded_at: "2026-07-07T13:08:00.427560Z"
processed_at: "2026-07-07T13:08:01.166873Z"
docling_version: "latest"
company: "Infosys"
exchange: "NSE"
language: "en"
---


## TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES

## BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE

January 27, 2025

Dear Sir/ Madam,

## Sub: Press release

Please find enclosed the press release titled ' Infosys and Street Child Unite to Enable Access to Quality Education in Ukraine with Digital Innovation'

This information will also be hosted on the Company's website, at www.infosys.com.

This is for your information and records.

Yours Sincerely, For Infosys Limited

## A.G.S. Manikantha

Company Secretary Membership No: A21918

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## PRESS RELEASE

## Infosys and Street Child Unite to Enable Access to Quality Education in Ukraine with Digital Innovation

Establish seven Digital Learning Centers and create high-quality content for teachers and children, available through Infosys Springboard

Bengaluru, India - January 27, 2025: Infosys  (NSE,  BSE, NYSE: INFY), a global leader in nextgeneration  digital  services  and  consulting,  today  announced  a  critical  milestone  in  its  three-year collaboration with Street Child, an international children's charity, with the establishment of seven Digital Learning Centers (DLCs) to address the educational challenges faced by children in crisis-affected areas of Ukraine.

This collaboration  addresses  the  profound  disruption  to  Ukraine's  education  system  caused  by  the ongoing conflict, which has affected over 3,700 educational institutions and destroying 365 schools, as reported  by  Save  the  Children.  The  conflict  has  forced  roughly  1.9  million  children  -  nearly  half  of Ukraine's school-aged population - to rely on partial or fully remote learning solutions. Recognizing this critical need, Infosys joined hands with Street Child in 2024 to launch two impactful initiatives: creating DLCs-secured physical spaces equipped for online learning and a Digital Transformation program, leveraging Infosys Springboard, Infosys' flagship digital learning platform, to provide tailored courses for students and teachers.

Initially focused on creating and renovating five DLCs in Dnipropetrovsk, an Oblast in Eastern Ukraine receiving  less  international  aid  due  to  its  proximity  to  the  front  line,  the  collaboration  remarkably delivered seven within 12 months into the engagement. Notably, one center was renovated by an allfemale team of contractors, as conscription limited the availability of male workers.

Launched in September 2024, these centers have already served over 1,000 children in their first three months of operations. Each center is equipped with laptops, high-speed internet, multimedia projectors, educational  materials,  security  systems,  and  accessibility  features  such  as  wheelchair  ramps  and modified  bathrooms.  Additionally,  designated  spaces  for  Mental  Health  and  Psychosocial  Support (MHPSS) provide critical support to young learners.

The Digital Transformation program focuses on preserving Ukraine's cultural identity by offering courses in Ukrainian Language and Geography for Grades 5 and 6. For teachers, topics such as Cybersecurity and  Anti-Corruption  are  addressed  through  specially  developed  courses,  aligning  seamlessly  with Ukraine's national educational platform, All Ukrainian Online. Together, these initiatives are helping build a robust and resilient educational foundation for both students and teachers.

Tom Dannatt, CEO &amp; Co-Founder, Street Child, said, 'At Street Child, we're working to create a world where every child is safe, in school and learning. Unfortunately, the reality for Ukrainian children is that a significant number of them cannot attend a physical classroom, and so we're focusing efforts on where we can make the biggest difference. In this case, that means making the most of digital education. Although we're still in the early stages, we're proud to have worked with Infosys to support more than 1,000  children  amid  this  terrible  conflict.  The  early  success  of  this  scheme  demonstrates  the transformative potential to deliver quality education in many crisis-affected regions worldwide.'

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Thirumala Arohi, Executive Vice President, Head - Education, Training and Assessment, Infosys,

said,  'The  collaboration  between  Infosys  and  Street  Child  is  crucial  as  it  directly  addresses  the devastating impact of the conflict on Ukraine's education system. With hundreds of schools destroyed and millions of children displaced or relying on remote learning, access to quality education has become a critical need. Infosys brings to this collaboration not only its technological expertise but also a deep commitment to social impact. Together with Street Child, we are providing tangible solutions through the establishment of seven Digital Learning Centers that offer secure physical spaces equipped with the necessary technology and are leveraging Infosys Springboard to enable a digital transformation program to offer tailored courses for effective online learning. This holistic approach empowers students to continue their education, supports teachers in adapting to new learning environments, and ultimately contributes to building a more resilient educational foundation for the future of Ukraine.'

## About Street Child

Street Child is one of the world's fastest-growing international children's charities, established in 2008. Street Child works to ensure children are safe, in school and learning even, and especially, in low resource  environments  and  emergencies.  The  charity  works  with  an  expanding  network  of  local organisations and a focus on the power and purpose of inspirational local level organisations sits at the heart of all they do - and has done so since the first partnership in Sierra Leone in 2008. Today Street Child works in over 25 countries across sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.

## About Infosys

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. Over 300,000 of our people work  to  amplify  human  potential  and  create  the  next  opportunity  for  people,  businesses  and communities. We enable clients in more than 56 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over  four  decades  of  experience  in  managing  the  systems  and  workings  of  global  enterprises,  we expertly steer clients, as they navigate their digital transformation powered by cloud and AI. We enable them  with  an  AI-first  core,  empower  the  business  with  agile  digital  at  scale  and  drive  continuous improvement with always-on learning through the transfer of digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. We are deeply committed to being a well-governed, environmentally sustainable organization where diverse talent thrives in an inclusive workplace.

Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NYSE: INFY) can help your enterprise navigate your next.

## Safe Harbor

Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects, or our future financial or operating performance, are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that  could  cause  actual  results  or  outcomes  to  differ  materially  from  those  in  such  forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding the execution of our business strategy, increased competition for talent, our ability  to  attract  and  retain  personnel, increase in wages, investments to reskill our employees, our ability to effectively implement a hybrid work model, economic uncertainties and geo-political situations, technological disruptions and innovations such as Generative AI, the complex and evolving regulatory landscape including immigration regulation changes, our ESG vision, our capital allocation policy and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity, capital resources, our corporate actions including acquisitions, and cybersecurity matters. Important factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements are  discussed  in  more  detail  in  our  US  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  filings  including  our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. These filings are available at www.sec.gov.  Infosys  may,  from  time  to  time,  make  additional  written  and  oral  forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our reports to shareholders. The Company does not undertake to update any forwardlooking statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company unless it is required by law.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

For further information, please contact: PR\_Global@infosys.com


