---
document_id: "36522132f33a4270afd3d6b087977aedd15291c21c6e49bbf8d3e32b14505df3"
title: "Infosys Limited has informed the Exchange regarding 'While only 2% are ready, most companies expect productivity gains of 10-40% with Enterprise AI: Infosys Research'."
document_date: "Unknown"
category: "Updates"
pages: 4
priority: 2
source_url: "https://nsearchives.nseindia.com/corporate/INFY_29102024153109_PR_29102024.pdf"
source_filename: "INFY_29102024153109_PR_29102024_36522132.pdf"
downloaded_at: "2026-07-07T13:08:10.782594Z"
processed_at: "2026-07-07T13:08:11.539238Z"
docling_version: "latest"
company: "Infosys"
exchange: "NSE"
language: "en"
---


## TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES

## BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE

October 29, 202 4

Dear Sir/ Madam,

## Sub: Press release

Please find enclosed the press release titled ' While only 2% are ready, most companies expect productivity gains of 10-40% with Enterprise AI: Infosys Research.'

This information will also be hosted on the Company's website, at www.infosys.com.

This is for your information and records.

Yours Sincerely, For Infosys Limited

## A.G.S. Manikantha

Company Secretary ACS-21918

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## PRESS RELEASE

## While only 2% are ready, most companies expect productivity gains of 10-40% with Enterprise AI: Infosys Research

Enterprises need to prepare themselves in five key areas - strategy, governance, talent, data, and technology - to achieve significant productivity gains from AI

Bengaluru, India - October 29, 2024: Companies globally recognize the potential of artificial intelligence (AI) and are eager to adopt enterprise AI, yet most are far from fully integrating AI into their businesses and operations owing to large gaps in basic AI readiness, reveals a new research from the Infosys Knowledge Institute (IKI) , the research arm of Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY).

The  Infosys Enterprise  AI  Readiness report  includes  insights  from  over  1,500  respondents  across Australia, New Zealand, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States, backed up with indepth interviews with 40 senior executives in the US and UK.

The  Infosys  research  highlights  that  while  executives  envision  AI  as  the  next  industrial  revolution, transforming  business  models  and  shaping  the  new  economy,  many  companies  lack  the  foundational building blocks for successful enterprise AI adoption. According to the research, enterprises expect an average increase of 15% in productivity from their current AI projects, with some anticipating up to 40% gains, yet only 2% of organizations are ready across all five key dimensions: talent, strategy, governance, data, and technology. The biggest gaps lie in technology readiness, with only 9% of companies possessing the necessary AI capabilities like machine learning frameworks, prebuilt algorithms, and dynamic compute. Additionally, data accuracy, processes, and accessibility are significant challenges, with only about 10% of respondents reporting ease of data location and access for AI projects.

To overcome these hurdles and realize the full potential of AI, including gen AI, companies must address readiness gaps and foster a culture of innovation. A clear AI strategy aligned with business objectives is essential, encompassing technology investments, talent acquisition, and ethical considerations.

The  research  outlines  five  steps  to  close  the  gaps  and  reduce  apprehensions  about AI  to  accelerate adoption:

- Develop a comprehensive AI strategy :  A  strong  AI  strategy  aligns  with  business  objectives, enhances revenue growth, and ensures desirable, feasible, and viable use cases. Only 23% of our respondents show readiness in this area.
- Establish responsible AI governance :  AI  governance  is  crucial  for  managing  risks  like  bias, misuse, and security threats. Only 10% of companies have well-defined governance processes. Responsible  AI  requires  tailored  guidelines,  and  a  centralized  AI  governance  team.  Infosys' Responsible AI Office, part of Infosys Topaz, demonstrates this approach by establishing policies to ensure data security and mitigate risks, enhancing AI's value for enterprises.
- Upskill the workforce : Despite the critical role of AI in enterprises, only 21% said their employees have the requisite knowledge to adopt AI tools and techniques. Upskilling is key, yet just 12% offer adequate training. Effective AI integration hinges on closing skills gaps and fostering collaboration. Forward-thinking firms are creating AI skill pathways to ensure readiness.
- Prepare data infrastructure for AI : Data health is crucial for AI success but remains a challenge. Only 10% of the companies find their data easy to access, while 30% rate their data accuracy and governance as poor. Enterprises need to constantly assess their systems, improve data quality, and ensure proper storage for effective AI implementation.
- Cultivate a culture of tech-powered innovation : Technology is a significant gap in enterprise AI readiness, with only 9% of companies fully prepared. Investing in foundational technologies like machine learning and automation can improve customer experience, reduce errors, and enhance compliance. Fostering a culture of innovation and employee readiness for AI adoption enables enterprises to create better value.

<!-- image -->

Mohammed Rafee Tarafdar, Chief Technology Officer, Infosys, said: 'To become enterprise-wide AIready and realize the promise of this technology, including gen AI, it is imperative to establish a robust and scalable foundation. Our research and learnings from our AI-first transformation journey has shown that data readiness, enterprise gen AI platform with responsible AI guardrails, and AI talent transformation are key to accelerate and democratize AI development. This must be complemented by an AI foundry and factory model for scaling AI initiatives across the enterprise.'

Jeff Kavanaugh, Head of Infosys Knowledge Institute, said, 'Our research found that Enterprise AI, including gen AI, promises to unlock up to 40% in productivity gains, yet only 2% of companies are truly ready. This readiness gap represents both a challenge and a massive opportunity. Those who act now by building a clear AI strategy, including gen AI, establishing strong governance, and upskilling talent - will not only lead the next wave of innovation but will fundamentally reshape their industries. AI is not a distant goal; it is the prerequisite foundation for future competitiveness. The time to invest in AI readiness is now.'

To read the full report with detailed insights, please visit here.

## About Infosys

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. Over 300,000 of our people work to amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for people, businesses and communities. We enable clients in more than 56 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer clients, as they navigate their digital transformation powered by cloud and AI. We enable them with an AI-first core, empower the business with agile digital at scale and drive continuous improvement with always-on learning through the transfer of digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. We are deeply committed to being a well-governed, environmentally sustainable organization where diverse talent thrives in an inclusive workplace.

<!-- image -->

Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY) can help your enterprise navigate your next.

## Safe Harbor

Certain  statements  in  this  release  concerning  our  future  growth  prospects,  or  our  future  financial  or operating performance, are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The  risks  and  uncertainties  relating  to  these  statements  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  risks  and uncertainties regarding the execution of our business strategy, increased competition for talent, our ability to  attract  and  retain  personnel,  increase  in  wages,  investments  to  reskill  our  employees,  our  ability  to effectively implement a hybrid work model, economic uncertainties and geo-political situations, technological  disruptions  and  innovations  such  as  Generative AI,  the  complex  and  evolving  regulatory landscape  including  immigration  regulation  changes,  our  ESG  vision,  our  capital  allocation  policy  and expectations  concerning  our  market  position,  future  operations,  margins,  profitability,  liquidity,  capital resources, our corporate actions including acquisitions, and cybersecurity matters. Important factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements are discussed in more detail in our US Securities and Exchange Commission filings including our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. These filings are available at www.sec.gov. Infosys may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained  in  the  Company's  filings  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  our  reports  to shareholders. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company unless it is required by law.

For more information, please contact: PR\_Global@Infosys.com


