---
document_id: "ff17b4f9f246470394557a1f86ba2ee10a9448c00299a06e8a4e03e7aba021db"
title: "Infosys Limited has informed the Exchange regarding 'Grant of ESOPs'."
document_date: "2025-02-15"
category: "Updates"
pages: 1
priority: 2
source_url: "https://nsearchives.nseindia.com/corporate/INFY_16022025144820_ESOP_Grant_15_02_2025.pdf"
source_filename: "INFY_16022025144820_ESOP_Grant_15_02_202_ff17b4f9.pdf"
downloaded_at: "2026-07-07T11:48:14.061414Z"
processed_at: "2026-07-07T11:48:14.252387Z"
docling_version: "latest"
company: "Infosys"
exchange: "NSE"
language: "en"
---


## TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES

## BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE

February 16, 2025

Dear Sir/Madam,

## Subject: Grant of stock incentives to eligible employees

This is  to inform that, the Nomination and  Remuneration Committee, has  approved the following stock incentive units to Senior Management Personnel including Key Management Personnel as defined under the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended and to other eligible employees with the grant date effective February 15, 2025 :

1. Grant of 18,85,990 RSUs under the 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (2015 Plan) to Senior Management Personnel including Key Management Personnel and to other eligible employees. The grants would vest over a period of three to four years and the exercise price will be the par value of the shares. The grant date will be effective February 15, 2025.
2. Grant of 38,32,066 PSUs under the Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019 (2019 Plan) to Senior Management Personnel including Key Management Personnel and to other eligible employees. The grants would vest over a  period of three years subject to Company's achievement of performance parameters as defined in the 2019 Plan. The exercise price will be the par value of the shares and the grant date will be effective February 15, 2025.

This is for your information and records.

This will also be hosted on the Company's website, at www.infosys.com.

Yours sincerely,

For Infosys Limited

A.G.S. Manikantha Company Secretary Membership No. A21918

<!-- image -->


