---
document_name: "Infosys_01072025210240_Form20F_July012025_1__1_.md"
group_id: "Infosys_01072025210240_Form20F_July012025_1__1___group_010"
source_section_count: 4
page_start: 98
page_end: 110
estimated_tokens: 10484
source_section_ids:
  - "Infosys_01072025210240_Form20F_July012025_1__1___036"
  - "Infosys_01072025210240_Form20F_July012025_1__1___037"
  - "Infosys_01072025210240_Form20F_July012025_1__1___038"
  - "Infosys_01072025210240_Form20F_July012025_1__1___039"
---

## Recruitment
As of March 31, 2025, the Group employed 323,578 employees, of which 306,599 were professionals involved in service delivery to the clients, including trainees.
We  attract  and  hire  a  multi-dimensional  workforce  across  all  IT  specializations.  We  have  built  robust relationships  with  top  institutions  globally  and  recruit  students  who  have  consistently  shown  high  levels  of achievement. We also have been globally recognized for our HackWithInfy initiative, an online coding contest, which also helps us attract  the  best  coders  into  our  organization.  We  have  continued  upscaling  our  InfyTQ platform, which brings the best of our Mysuru training to the hands of the learners across the country.
We evolved from a virtual-only mode to a hybrid model of virtual and in-person recruitment and have further strengthened our recruitment process by introducing AI.
During  fiscal  2025,  we  received  4,457,748  employment  applications,  interviewed  430,080  applicants  and extended offers of employment to 83,207 applicants. These statistics do not include our subsidiaries.
## Education, Training and Assessment (ETA)
Infosys continues to invest in developing human potential for the organization, and the world at large. We are now experiencing the play of Human + AI in multiple fields, including learning. This technology wave gives us the ability to hyper-personalize learning, at scale, across all our learning offerings. These efforts have helped us garner external accolades from Brandon Hall and ATD Best.
The Foundation Training Program, anchored across India and multiple other countries enables newly onboarded entry-level  hires  to  transform  into  corporate  professionals.  Comprising  over  45  technology  streams,  the curriculum has kept pace with the dynamic business requirements and the preferred pedagogical approach of the current generation of talent. Generative AI and prompt engineering courses have been introduced to ensure fresh college graduates are adept in the new skills.
Our Continuous Education Program is aimed at reskilling / upskilling our existing employees with the twin objectives  of  increasing  fulfilment  of  skilled  talents  in  client  projects  and  enriching  their  expertise  in  nextgeneration digital technologies and methodologies, including Generative AI technologies. We provide online self- learning, instructor-led virtual training opportunities along with in-person classroom training opportunities to our employees. Bridge programs help employees with training and internship opportunities to switch to a new career field, while retaining them within the organization.
Lex, our in-house learning platform, offers over 36,000 curated courses, which includes over 30,000 courses procured from vendor partners both for enterprise consumption and niche communities with specific knowledge requirements.  Around  20,000  employees  used  Lex  on  weekdays  and  around  5,000  employees  used  it  on weekends, with an average learning time of 40 minutes.
Infosys  Wingspan,  our  configurable  talent  transformation  platform  for  clients,  is  used  by  several  global organizations for their talent transformation programs.
Infosys Springboard, is a program led by a dedicated team of experts collaborating globally with curriculum partners, non-profits, and a global network of leading educational institutions. More than 20,000 courses are available and about 9.2 million learners across the world are actively consuming content on Infosys Springboard.
## Leadership development
With AI playing a pivotal role in the next phase of transformation of organizations, the Infosys Leadership Institute (ILI) partnered with Kellogg to bring their highly acclaimed program on AI Applications of Growth to all its leaders. In fiscal 2025, more than 1000 senior leaders of Infosys completed this certification program and most of them also participated in a live discussion with the author of this course, Prof. Mohanbir Sawhney. This includes about 250 women leaders, with many of them also working on AI related projects &amp; initiatives.
ILI strengthened the succession program by broadening its focus to key roles in business and enabling functions, in  addition  to  creating  highly  personalized  development  programs  for  the  incumbents  and  successors  in organizational critical positions. The highly successful succession-enabling Constellation program was expanded to  include  more  high  potential  emerging  leaders.  Together  with  a  10-month  curated  program  with  Oxford University,  the  Constellation  leaders  also  commenced  work  in  smaller  cross-functional  teams  on  strategic organizational projects, aimed to bolster their enterprise leadership thus preparing them for senior leadership positions.
Broader  leadership  development  and  engagement  continued,  with  signature  programs  like  the  10-month Enterprise Leadership program in partnership with multiple universities including Kellogg, Tuck, School of Business, and National University of Singapore Business School and the 6-month long Executive Presence &amp; Presentation program in partnership with The Economist. More than 2000 1x1 leadership advisory discussions were completed by ILI with leaders, focused on their leadership development plan. With more than 97% leaders completing a significant development intervention, Infosys leaders invested 10,500+ leadership learning days equivalent on their development.
Leadership diversity continues to be important for Infosys and the acclaimed ILI IamtheFuture program saw more  than  200  women  leaders  completing  a  development  program  addressing  critical  and  differentiating competencies needed for success and growth. About 100 women leaders completed a program with Stanford on Executive Communication, along with 1x1 coaching with an external communication firm. Career conversations were completed for critical and high-potential women leaders across segments and delivery, and over 200 women leaders completed a development coaching conversation with internal leadership advisors.
Our relentless focus on leadership development and engagement continues to set us up well for the future.
## Visas
As of March 31, 2025, less than 50% of our employees in the United States held either H-1B visas, which allow the employee to remain in the United States for up to six years as specialty occupation professionals, and L-1 visas, which allow the employee to stay in the United States for up to five years (for specialized knowledge experts) or seven years (for managers and executives).
## SHARE OWNERSHIP
The following table sets forth as of May 30, 2025, for each director and executive officer, the total number of equity shares, ADSs and options to purchase equity shares and ADSs exercisable within 60 days from May 30, 2025. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules of the SEC. All information with respect to the beneficial ownership of any principal shareholder has been furnished by such shareholder and, unless otherwise indicated below, we believe that persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all the shares shown as beneficially owned, subject to community property laws, where applicable. The shares beneficially owned by the directors and executive officers include the equity shares owned by their family members to which such directors disclaim beneficial ownership.
The share numbers and percentages listed below are based on 4,154,213,314 equity shares outstanding as of May 30, 2025. Percentage of shareholders representing less than 1% are indicated with '*':
| Name beneficially owned                      | Equity Shares beneficially owned   | %of equity Shares   |
|----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|---------------------|
| Nandan M. Nilekani (1)                       | 100,461,168                        | 2.42                |
| Salil Parekh                                 | 1,379,460                          | 0.03                |
| Bobby Parikh (2)                             | 6,887                              | '*'                 |
| Inderpreet Sawhney (3)                       | 190,007                            | '*'                 |
| Shaji Mathew (4)                             | 265,114                            | 0.01                |
| Jayesh Sanghrajka (5)                        | 108,054                            | '*'                 |
| Total (all directors and executive officers) | 102,410,690                        | 2.46                |

Note: No other material changes subsequently till July 1, 2025.
- (1) Shares beneficially owned by Nandan M. Nilekani include 59,678,006 Equity Shares owned by members of his immediate family. Nandan M. Nilekani disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares.
- (2) Includes 2,754 equity shares jointly held by Bobby Parikh with his spouse as the first holder.
- (3) Includes 5,185 PSUs vested on June 1, 2025 of Inderpreet Sawhney which are yet to be exercised.
- (4) Includes 1,220 PSUs vested on June 1, 2025 of Shaji Mathew which are yet to be exercised.
- (5) Includes 6,876 stock options vested on November 1, 2020  and 2,257 PSUs vested on June 1, 2025 of Jayesh Sanghrajka which are yet to be exercised.

## Note:
Among directors,  D.  Sundaram,  Michael  Gibbs,  Chitra  Nayak,  Govind  Iyer,  Helene  Auriol  Potier  and  Nitin Paranjpe do not hold shares / ADRs of the Company.
## Option plans
## 2015 Plan
On March 31, 2016,  pursuant  to  the  approval  by  the  shareholders  through  postal  ballot,  the  Board  has  been authorized to introduce, offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the 2015 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2015 Plan shall not exceed 24,038,883 equity shares (this includes 11,223,576 equity shares which are held by the trust towards the 2011 Plan as of March 31, 2016). These instruments will generally vest over a period of four years. The plan numbers are further adjusted with the September 2018 bonus issue.
Controlled trust holds 96,55,927 and 10,916,829 shares as of March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024, respectively, under the 2015 Plan, out of which 200,000 equity shares each have been earmarked for welfare activities of the employees as of March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024.
## 2019 Plan
In continuation of our philosophy of aligning employee interests with shareholder value creation and in line with global practices, the Board, at its meeting held on May 15, 2019, on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject to the approval of shareholders, approved the 2019 Plan. This plan sets out challenging  performance  criteria  aligned  to  shareholder  value  creation  to  deepen  employee  ownership  of  the Company. By inclusion of leading market benchmarked performance criteria like relative TSR in the 2019 Plan, we adopted best-in-class  global  corporate  governance  practices.  Further  the  2019  Plan  intends  to  incentivize, retain, and attract key talent through this performance-based stock incentive plan amongst an expanded employee base.
On June  22,  2019,  pursuant  to  approval  by  the  shareholders  at  our  AGM,  the  Board  has  been  authorized  to introduce,  offer,  issue  and  provide  share-based  incentives  to  eligible  employees  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries under the 2019 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2019 Plan shall not exceed 50,000,000 equity shares. To implement the 2019 Plan, up to 45,000,000 equity shares may be issued by way of secondary acquisition of shares by Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust. The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan shall vest  based  on  the  achievement  of  defined  annual  performance  parameters  as  determined  by  the  administrator (Nomination and Remuneration Committee). The performance parameters will be based on a combination of relative TSR against selected industry peers and certain broader market domestic and global indices and operating performance metrics of the Company as decided by administrator. Each of the above performance parameters will be distinct for the purposes of calculation of quantity of shares to vest based on performance.
The following is the summary of grants made during fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023 under the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan:
| Particulars                          | Fiscal 2025   | Fiscal 2024   | Fiscal 2023   |
|--------------------------------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|
| 2015 Plan                            |               |               |               |
| RSU - Equity settled                 | 2,255,532     | 5,139,370     | 2,152,454     |
| RSU - Incentive units (cash settled) | 94,050        | 176,990       | 92,400        |
| 2019 Plan                            |               |               |               |
| Equity settled Performance based RSU | 3,744,345     | 4,187,902     | 3,914,657     |
| Total grants                         | 6,093,927     | 9,504,262     | 6,159,511     |

Refer to the compensation table of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for details on grants to individual KMPs.
The equity awards granted under the 2015 Plan would generally vest over a period of four years and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan would generally vest over a period of three years and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
During fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an employee stock compensation expense of $95 million, $79 million  and  $64  million,  respectively,  in  the  statement  of  comprehensive  income.  This  comprises  of  expense pertaining to employee stock compensation of the CEO, other executive officers, and other employees.
The following table gives the details of outstanding RSUs and stock options under the 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan as of March 31, 2025:
|       | Stock incentives outstanding   | Stock incentives outstanding   |
|-------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------|
|       | 2019 Plan                      | 2015 Plan                      |
| RSUs  | 8,072,635                      | 7,259,464                      |
| ESOPs | -                              | 17,554                         |

Grants made under the 2015 Plan have been adjusted for the September 2018 bonus issue.
For additional information on our stock incentive compensation plans, see Note 2.17 Employees' Stock Options Plans under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

## Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
## MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
The following table sets forth as of May 30, 2025, certain information with respect to beneficial ownership of equity shares held by each shareholder or group known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding equity shares.
Beneficial  ownership is  determined in  accordance with rules of the SEC, which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities and includes equity shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options or warrants that are immediately exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of May 30, 2025. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, all information with respect to the beneficial ownership of any principal shareholder has been furnished by such shareholder and, unless otherwise indicated, we believe that persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all the equity shares shown as beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. The shares beneficially owned by the directors and officers include equity shares owned by their family members to which such directors and officers disclaim beneficial ownership.
| Name of the beneficial owner                          | Class of security   | No. of shares beneficially held   | %of class of shares   | No. of shares beneficially held   | %of class of shares   | No. of shares beneficially held   | %of class of shares   |
|-------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------|
|                                                       | Equity              | May 30, 2025                      | May 30, 2025          | March 31, 2024                    | March 31, 2023        | March 31, 2023                    | March 31, 2023        |
| Shareholding of all directors and officers as a group | Equity              | 102,410,690 (1)                   | 2.46                  | 102,414,321                       | 2.46                  | 102,037,507 (3)                   | 2.46                  |
| Life Insurance Corporation of India                   | Equity              | 399,115,154                       | 9.61                  | 385,952,941                       | 9.30                  | 2,982,44,977                      | 7.19                  |

1) Comprised 102,410,690 shares owned by directors and officers and includes stock options which have vested and yet to be exercised.

(a) Includes 2,754 Equity shares jointly held by Bobby Parikh with his spouse as the first holder.
(b) Includes 5,185 PSUs vested on June 1, 2025 of Inderpreet Sawhney.
(c) Includes 1,220 PSUs vested on June 1, 2025 of Shaji Mathew.
(d) Includes 6,876 stock options vested on November 1, 2020 and 2,257 PSUs vested on June 1, 2025 of Jayesh Sanghrajka.
The percentage of ownership is calculated on 4,154,213,314 equity shares.
2) Comprised of 102,414,321 shares owned by directors and officers. The percentage of ownership is calculated on 4,150,867,464 equity shares.

3) Comprised of 102,037,507 shares owned by directors and officers. The percentage of ownership is calculated on 4,148,560,044 equity shares.

Our ADSs are listed on the NYSE. Each ADS currently represents one equity share of par value ₹ 5/- per share. ADSs are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and as of May 30, 2025, held by 147,751 holders of record in the United States.
Our equity shares can be held by Foreign Institutional Investors ("FIIs"), Foreign Portfolio Investors ("FPIs") and Non-Resident Indians ("NRIs"). As of May 30, 2025, 28.65% of our equity shares were held by these FIIs, FPIs and NRIs, some of which may be residents or bodies corporate registered in the United States and elsewhere. We are not aware of which FIIs, FPIs and NRIs hold our equity shares as residents or as corporate entities registered in the United States.
Major shareholders do not have differential voting rights with respect to the equity shares. To the best of our knowledge, we are not owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any government, by any other corporation or by any other natural or legal person. We are not aware of any arrangement, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control.
## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Refer to Note 2.20 'Related party transactions' in Item 18 of this Annual Report for details relating to related party transactions.
## Employment and indemnification agreements
Refer to the section titled 'Employment and Indemnification agreements' under Item 6 of this Annual Report.
## Item 8. Financial Information
## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following financial statements and auditors' report appear under Item 18 in this Annual Report on Form 20-F and are incorporated herein by reference:
- Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
- Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2025, and 2024.
- Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
- Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
- Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
- Notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## Export revenue
For fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, we generated $18,684 million, $18,093 million and $17,734 million, or 96.9%, 97.5% and 97.4% of our total revenues of $19,277 million, $18,562 million and $18,212 million, respectively, from the export of our products and rendering of services outside of India.
## Legal proceedings
This  information  is  set  forth  under  Item  4  under  the  heading  'Legal  proceedings'  and  such  information  is incorporated herein by reference.
## Capital allocation policy
The Company's capital allocation policy effective fiscal 2020 was to pay approximately 85% of the free cash flow* cumulatively over a 5-year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback and/or special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any.
Effective from fiscal 2025, the Company expects to continue its policy of returning approximately 85% of the free cash  flow*  cumulatively  over  a  5-year  period  through  a  combination  of  semi-annual  dividends  and/or  share buyback/  special  dividends  subject  to  applicable  laws  and  requisite  approvals,  if  any.  Under  this  policy,  the Company expects to progressively increase its annual dividend per share (excluding special dividend if any).
*Free  cash  flow  is  defined  as  net  cash  provided  by  operating  activities  less  capital  expenditure  as  per  the consolidated statement of cash flows prepared under IFRS. Dividend and buyback include applicable taxes.
## Dividends
Under Indian law, a corporation pays dividends upon a recommendation by the Board and approval by a majority of the shareholders, who have the right to decrease but not increase the amount of the dividend recommended by the Board. Dividends may be paid out of profits of an Indian company, after providing depreciation in the year in which the dividend is declared or out of the undistributed profits of previous fiscal years, or out of both.
Holders of ADSs will be entitled to receive dividends payable on equity shares represented by such ADSs. Cash dividends on equity shares represented by ADSs are paid to the Depositary in Indian rupees and are generally converted by the Depositary into U.S. dollars and distributed, net of Depositary fees, taxes, if any, and expenses, to the holders of such ADSs. Although we have no current intention to discontinue dividend payments, future dividends may not be declared or paid and the amount, if any, thereof may be decreased.
## Dividend Distribution Policy
As per Regulation 43A of the SEBI LODR the top 500 listed companies shall formulate a dividend distribution policy. Accordingly, the policy was adopted to set out the parameters and circumstances that will be taken into account by the Board in determining the distribution of dividend to its shareholders and / or retaining profits earned by the Company. The dividend policy is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 20-F. The policy is available on our website: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Pages/policies.aspx
Refer to Note 2.15 'Equity' in Item 18 of this Annual Report for details on buyback completed and dividend recognized by the Company during the three years ending March 31, 2025.
## SIGNIFICANT CHANGES
None.
## Item 9. The Offer and Listing
## PRICE HISTORY
Our equity shares are traded in India on the BSE and the NSE, collectively, the Indian stock exchanges. Our ADSs are traded on the New York Stock Exchange ('NYSE'), under the ticker symbol 'INFY'. Each ADS represents one equity share. Our ADSs began trading on the NASDAQ on March 11, 1999. Following our voluntary delisting from the NASDAQ Global Select Market on December 11, 2012, we began trading of our ADSs on the NYSE on December 12, 2012, under the ticker symbol INFY. We listed our ADSs on the Euronext London and Paris markets on February 20, 2013.
Effective July 5, 2018, the Company voluntarily delisted its ADS's from the Euronext Paris and Euronext London exchanges. The primary reason for voluntary delisting from Euronext Paris and London was the low average daily trading volume of Infosys ADSs on these exchanges, which was not commensurate with the related administrative expenses. Infosys' ADSs continue to be listed on the NYSE under the symbol 'INFY' on the New York Stock Exchange. The holders of ADSs who have chosen not to sell their ADSs through the sales facility or otherwise have not taken any action will be able to trade them on the NYSE under the terms and conditions of their financial intermediary.
The Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas serves as a depositary with respect to our ADSs traded on the market pursuant to the Deposit Agreement dated March 10, 1999, as amended and restated on June 28, 2017. The Deposit Agreement has been filed by the Company previously.
As of May 30, 2025, we had 4,154,213,314 equity shares issued and outstanding. There were 147,751 record holders of ADRs, evidencing 447,425,769 ADSs (each ADS currently represents one equity share). As of May 30, 2025, there were 2,722,130 record holders of our equity shares listed and traded on the Indian stock exchanges.
All translations from Indian rupees to U.S. dollars are based on fixing rate in the city of Mumbai on March 31, 2025 for cable transfers in Indian rupees as published by the FEDAI, which was ₹ 85.48 per $1.00.
On June 30, 2025, the closing price of equity shares on the BSE was ₹ 1,601.30 equivalent to $18.67 per equity share and on the NSE was ₹ 1,601.80 equivalent to $18.68 per equity share based on the exchange rate on that date and on June 30, 2025, the closing price of ADSs on the NYSE was $18.53 per ADS.
The conversion of our equity shares into ADSs is governed by guidelines issued by the RBI.

## Item 10. Additional Information
## MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
The Company vide postal ballot concluded on March 31, 2017, adopted new Articles of Association to bring the same in line with provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time, (the 'Indian Companies Act, 2013'). The Company vide postal ballot concluded on August 22, 2018, altered clause V of the Memorandum of Association to reflect the increase in the Authorized capital for the issue of Bonus shares. The Memorandum and Articles of Association are available on the website of the Company and were filed previously as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 20-F and is available under the following links: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1067491/000106749117000021/exv01w01.htm and https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1067491/000156459019022837/infy-ex12\_1403.htm
The corporate legal framework governing the Company as on the date hereof is the notified provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Set  forth  below  is  the  material  information  concerning  our  share  capital  and  a  brief  summary  of  the  material provisions of our Articles of Association, Memorandum of Association and the Indian Companies Act, 2013, all as currently in effect. The following description of our equity shares and the material provisions of our Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the amended Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company which was filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report  on  Form  20-F.  The  summary  below  is  not  intended  to  constitute  a  complete  analysis  of  the  Indian Companies Act, 2013 and is not intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice.
Our Articles of Association provide that the minimum number of directors shall be three and the maximum number of directors shall be 15 unless approval from shareholders is obtained by a special resolution to appoint more than 15 directors. As of March 31, 2025, we had nine directors. As per the Indian Companies Act, 2013, unless the Articles of Association of a company provide for all directors to retire at every AGM, not less than two-third of the non-independent directors of a public company are liable to retire by rotation and one-third of such directors must retire by rotation, while the remaining two-third may remain on the Board until they resign or are removed. Our Articles of Association require one-third of such of the directors, as are liable to retire by rotation as per the Indian Companies Act, 2013 (excluding independent directors), to retire from office every year, and the directors whose office of directorship has been the longest shall mandatorily retire by rotation. Retiring directors qualify for reappointment. Executive directors are appointed by the shareholders for a maximum period of five years but are eligible for reappointment upon completion of their term. An independent director shall hold office for a term of up to five consecutive years and will be eligible for reappointment on the passing of a special resolution by the shareholders.
The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its Managing Director and CEO or whole-time director as per the relevant laws.  The non-executive director's office is subject to retirement by rotation at the annual general meeting in the manner as specified under relevant law. An independent director shall be appointed / re-appointed in manner as specified under relevant laws. The directors, KMP and Senior Management shall retire as per the applicable provisions of the relevant laws. The Board will have the discretion to retain the directors, KMP and Senior Management in the same position / remuneration or otherwise, even after attaining the retirement age, for the benefit of the Company, subject to approvals as required under the relevant laws.
An independent director can hold office for only two consecutive terms and will be eligible for reappointment after three years of ceasing to be an independent director, provided he/she is not appointed in or associated with the company in any capacity (whether directly or indirectly) during such three-year period.
Our Articles of Association do not require our directors to hold shares of our company to serve on our Board.
The Indian Companies Act, 2013, provides that any director who has a personal interest in a transaction being discussed by the Board must disclose such interest and must not participate in the meeting when such transaction is being discussed. A director is required to disclose his personal interest to the Board on an annual basis and at the first meeting of the Board after the interest arises. The remuneration payable to our directors may be fixed by the Board in accordance with the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and provisions prescribed by the Government of India. At meetings of the Board, our directors shall not vote on their own remuneration and such remuneration has been recommended by our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, details of which have been set out in Item 6 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F. Our Articles of Association provide that the Company may generally borrow any sum of money for the Company's legitimate corporate purposes, provided, that the consent of the shareholders is required where any amounts to be borrowed, when combined with any already outstanding debt (excluding temporary loans from our bankers in the ordinary course of business), exceeds the aggregate of our paid-up capital, securities premium and free reserves. Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, such consent of the shareholders should be obtained by way of a special resolution passed in a general meeting.
## Objects and Purposes of our Memorandum of Association
The  objects  and  purposes  of  as  set  forth  in  Section  III  of  our  Memorandum  of  Association  have  been  filed previously in our Annual Report on Form 20-F.
## General
Our authorized share capital is ₹ 24,000,000,000 (Rupees two thousand four hundred crore only) divided into 4,800,000,000 (four hundred and eighty crore only) equity shares, having a par value of ₹ 5/- per share. As of March 31, 2025, 4,153,263,455 equity shares were issued, outstanding and fully paid, out of which controlled trust holds 9,655,927 equity shares under the 2015 Plan. The equity shares are our only class of share capital. We currently have no convertible debentures or warrants outstanding. As of March 31, 2025, we had 7,277,018 and 8,072,635 options outstanding to purchase equity shares under the 2015 and 2019 Plans, respectively. For the purpose of this Annual Report on Form 20-F, 'shareholder' means a shareholder who is registered as a member in our register of members or whose name appears in the beneficiary position maintained by the depositories.
## Buyback completed in February 2023
In line with the capital allocation policy, the Board, at its meeting held on October 13, 2022, approved the buyback of  equity  shares,  from  the  open  market  route  through  the  Indian  stock  exchanges,  amounting  to ₹ 9,300 crore (Maximum Buyback Size, excluding buyback tax) at a price not exceeding ₹ 1,850 per share (Maximum Buyback Price), subject to shareholders' approval by way of Postal Ballot.
The shareholders approved the proposal of buyback of Equity Shares recommended by its Board of Directors by way of e-voting on the postal ballot, the results of which were declared on December 3, 2022. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through the stock exchange. The buyback of equity shares through the stock exchange commenced on December 7, 2022, and was completed on February 13, 2023. During this  buyback  period,  we  had  purchased  and  extinguished  a  total  of  60,426,348  equity  shares  from  the  stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹ 1,539.06/- per equity share comprising 1.44% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted in a cash outflow of ₹ 9,300 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,130 million). We funded the buyback from its free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013.
In accordance with section 69 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, as of March 31, 2023, the Company has created 'Capital  Redemption  Reserve'  of  $3  million  equal  to  the  nominal  value  of  the  shares  bought  back  as  an appropriation from general reserve and retained earnings.
## Dividends
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, our Board recommends the payment of a dividend which is then approved by our shareholders in a general meeting. However, the Board is not obliged to recommend a dividend.
Under our Articles of Association and the Indian Companies Act, 2013 at our AGM, we may declare dividend, to be paid to shareholders according to their respective rights and interests in profits. No dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board. In India, dividends are generally declared per equity share and are to be distributed and paid to shareholders in cash and in proportion to the paid-up value of their shares, within 30 days of the AGM at which the dividend is approved by shareholders. Pursuant to our Articles of Association and the Indian Companies Act, 2013, our Board has the discretion to declare and pay interim dividends without shareholder approval in compliance with the conditions specified under the Indian Companies Act, 2013. As per the terms of our listing of the equity shares and ADSs of the Company, we are required to inform the stock exchanges, on which our equity shares and ADSs are listed, of the dividend declared per equity share and the record date/book closure date for determining the shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends. Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, dividend can be paid only in cash to registered shareholders as of the record date. Dividend may also be paid in cash or by cheque or warrant or in any electronic mode to the shareholder.
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 provides that any dividends that remain unpaid or unclaimed after a period of 30 days from the date of declaration of a dividend are to be transferred to a special bank account opened by the company at an approved bank. We transfer any dividends that remain unpaid or unclaimed within seven days from the date of expiry of the 30 days to such account. If any amount in this account has not been claimed by the eligible shareholders within seven years from the date of the transfer, we transfer the unclaimed dividends to an ('IEPF') established by the Government of India under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013. After the transfer to this fund, such unclaimed dividends may not be claimed by the shareholders entitled to receive such dividends from the company. Further, according to the Indian Companies Act, 2013, the equity shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed by the equity shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to IEPF Authority. Shareholders may note that both the unclaimed dividend and corresponding shares transferred to IEPF including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be claimed back from IEPF following the procedure prescribed in the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended. No claim shall lie in respect thereof with the Company.
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, dividends may be paid out of profits of a company in the year in which the dividend is declared after providing for depreciation or out of the undistributed profits of previous fiscal years after providing for depreciation. Before declaring any dividend in any financial year, a company may transfer a percentage of its profits which it considers appropriate to its reserves.
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 further provides that in the event of an inadequacy or absence of profits in any year, a dividend may be declared for such year out of the company's accumulated profits that have been transferred to its free reserves, subject to the following conditions:
- The dividend rate declared shall not exceed the average of the rates at which dividends were declared by the company in the three years immediately preceding that year (this condition is not applicable where the company has not declared dividends in the three financial years immediately preceding that year).
- The total amount to be drawn from the accumulated profits earned in the previous years and transferred to the reserves may not exceed an amount equivalent to 10% of the sum of its paid-up capital and free reserves as appearing in the latest audited financial statement, and the amount so drawn is to be used first to set off the losses incurred in the fiscal year in which dividend is declared before any dividends in respect of equity shares are declared.
- The balance of reserves after such withdrawals shall not fall below 15% of the company's paid-up capital as appearing in the latest audited financial statement.
- The Company cannot declare dividend unless carried over previous losses and depreciation which are not provided in previous year or years are set off against profit of the company for the current year during which the dividend is sought to be declared.

## Bonus Shares
In addition to permitting dividends to be paid out of current or retained earnings as described above, the Indian Companies  Act,  2013  permits  a  company  to  distribute  an  amount  transferred  from  its  free  reserves  to  its shareholders in the form of bonus shares (similar to a stock dividend). The Indian Companies Act, 2013 also permits  the  issuance  of  bonus  shares  from  capitalization  of  the  securities  premium  account  and  the  capital redemption reserve account. However, no issuance of bonus shares can be made by capitalizing reserves created by the revaluation of assets. Bonus shares are distributed to shareholders in the proportion recommended by the Board and such announcement of the decision of the Board recommending an issue of bonus shares cannot be subsequently withdrawn. Shareholders of the company on a fixed record date are entitled to receive such bonus shares.
Any issue of bonus shares would be subject to the guidelines issued by SEBI in this regard. The relevant SEBI guidelines prescribe that no company shall announce its bonus issue and issue any equity shares by way of bonus unless it is authorized by its articles of association, has received approval from the stock exchanges for listing and trading of all the securities, excluding options granted to employees pursuant to an employee stock option scheme and convertibles securities, issued by the company prior to the issuance of bonus shares, has made reservation of equity shares of the same class in favor of the holders of outstanding compulsorily convertible debt instruments, if any, in proportion to the convertible portion thereof (which may be issued at the time of conversion of the debt instruments on the same terms or same proportion at which the bonus shares were issued). The bonus issue must be made out of free reserves, securities premium account or capital redemption reserve account, and built out of the genuine profits or share premium collected in cash only. The bonus issue cannot be made unless the partly paid shares, if any existing, are made fully paid-up. Further, for the issuance of such bonus shares a company should not have defaulted in the payment of interest or principal in respect of fixed deposits and interest on existing debentures or principal on redemption of such debentures. A company is not allowed to declare bonus in lieu of dividend. The allotment of shares in a bonus issue can be made only in the dematerialized form. Further a company should have sufficient reason to believe that it has not defaulted in respect of the payment of statutory dues of the employees such as contribution to provident fund, gratuity, bonus, etc. The issuance of bonus shares must be implemented within 15 days from the date of approval by the Board (where shareholders' approval is not required), provided that where the company is required to seek shareholders' approval for capitalization of profits or reserves for making the bonus issue, it shall be implemented within two months from the date of approval by the Board. The bonus issue cannot be withdrawn after the decision to make a bonus issue has been announced.
## Consolidation and Subdivision of Shares
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 permits a company to split or combine the par value of its shares at a general meeting of the shareholders, if so, authorized by its Articles of Association, with the approval of its shareholders. Shareholders on record on a fixed record date are entitled to receive the split or combination.
## Pre-emptive Rights and Issue of Additional Shares
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 gives shareholders the right to subscribe to new shares in proportion to their respective  existing  shareholdings  in  the  event  of  a  further  issue  of  shares  by  a  company,  unless  otherwise determined by a special resolution passed by a general meeting of the shareholders. Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 in the event of a pre-emptive issuance of shares, subject to the limitations set forth above, a company must first offer the new shares to its shareholders on a fixed record date. The offer must include: (i) the right, exercisable by the shareholders on record, to renounce the shares offered in favor of any other person; and (ii) the number of shares offered and the period of offer, which may not be less than 15 days and not exceeding 30 days from the date of offer. If the offer is not accepted it is deemed to have been declined and thereafter the Board is authorized under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 to distribute any new shares not purchased by the pre-emptive rights holders in the manner which is not disadvantageous to the shareholders and the company.
## Meetings of Shareholders
In accordance with the Indian Companies Act, 2013, each company is required to hold an annual general meeting, each year, within 15 months of the previous AGM or within six months of the end of the previous fiscal year, whichever  is  earlier.  However,  since  our  Company  forms  a  part  of  the  top  100  listed  entities  by  market capitalization in India, pursuant to Regulation 44(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company is required to hold our annual general meetings within a period of 5 months from the date of closing of each financial year. In certain circumstances a three-month extension may be granted by the Registrar of Companies to hold the AGM. The AGM is generally convened by our Company Secretary pursuant to a resolution of the Board. In addition, the Board may convene an Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders ("EGM") when necessary or at the request of a shareholder or shareholders holding at least 10% of our paid-up capital carrying voting rights to transact any special business. Written notice setting out the agenda of any meeting must be given at least 21 days prior to the date of any general meeting to the shareholders on record, excluding the days of mailing and date of the meeting. The EGM must be held at a place within India. The AGM must be held at our registered office or at such other place within the city in which the registered office is located.
## Voting Rights
At  any  general  meeting,  to  provide  opportunity  to  the  shareholders  for  exercising  their  votes  towards  the resolutions proposed at the AGM, the Company arranges for e-voting facility and voting through ballot will also be made available at the AGM and the members who have not already cast their vote by remote e-voting can exercise their vote at the AGM. The Chairperson has a casting vote in the case of tie. Any shareholder of the Company entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company may appoint a proxy. The instrument appointing a proxy must be delivered to the company at least 48 hours prior to the meeting. Unless the articles of association otherwise provide, a proxy may not vote except on a poll. A corporate shareholder may appoint an authorized representative who can vote on behalf of the shareholder, upon remote e-voting or at the general meeting. An authorized  representative  is  also  entitled  to  appoint  a  proxy.  Pursuant  to  the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and any subsequent amendments thereto ('Listing Regulations'), it is  mandatory  for  remote  e-voting  facilities  to  be  provided  to  all  shareholders  in  respect  of  all  shareholders' resolutions in accordance with the procedure prescribed under the Indian Companies Act, 2013.
As per the Indian Companies Act, 2013 ordinary resolutions may be passed by simple majority at any general meeting for which the required period of notice has been given. However, special resolutions for matters such as amendments to the articles of association, the waiver of pre-emptive rights for the issuance of any new shares and a  reduction  of  share  capital,  require  that  votes  cast  in  favor  of  the  resolution  (whether  by  show  of  hands  or electronically or on a poll) are not less than three times the number of votes, if any, cast against the resolution by members so entitled and voting. Certain resolutions such as those listed below are to be voted on only by a postal ballot:
- alteration of the objects clause of the memorandum;
- change in place of registered office outside the local limits of any city, town or village;
- alteration of the articles of association to constitute the Company into private company;
- change in objects for which a company has raised money from public through prospectus and still has any unutilized amount out of the money so raised;
- issue of shares with differential rights as to voting or dividend or otherwise under Section 43 (a)(ii) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013;
- variation in the rights attached to a class of shares or debentures or other securities as specified under Section 48 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013;
- buyback of shares;
- sale of the whole or substantially the whole of an undertaking of a company as specified under Section 180 (1) (a) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013; and
- election of a director under Section 151 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013;
- giving loans or extending guarantee or providing security in excess of the limit specified under Section 186 (3) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013.

However, any company which is required to mandatorily provide its members a facility to exercise their right to vote on resolutions at a general meeting by electronic means, can pass the above-mentioned resolutions through electronic vote instead of postal ballot. Companies whose equity shares are listed on a recognized stock exchange and if it has not less than one thousand members are compulsorily required to provide their members facility to exercise their  right  to  vote  on  resolutions  at  a  general  meeting  by  electronic  means.  The  equity  shares  of  the Company are listed on a recognized stock exchange and it has more than one thousand members. Hence, the Company is eligible to pass the above-mentioned resolutions by electronic vote.
## Register of Shareholders, Record Dates, Transfer of Shares
We maintain a register of shareholders held in electronic form through National Securities Depository Limited and the  Central  Depository  Services  (India)  Limited.  To  determine  which  shareholders  are  entitled  to  specified shareholder rights such as a dividend or a rights issue, we may close the register of shareholders for a specified period not exceeding 30 days at one time. The date on which this period begins is the record date. The Listing Regulation requires us to give at least three working days' prior notice (excluding the date of the intimation and the record date) to the public in the prescribed manner before such closure. We may not close the register of shareholders for more than thirty consecutive days at any one time, and in no event for more than forty-five days in a year. The Listing Regulations also prescribe that there should be a time gap of at least five working days between two record dates.
Following the introduction of the Depositories Act, 1996, and the repeal of Section 22A of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, which enabled companies to refuse to register transfers of shares in some circumstances, the equity shares of a public company are freely transferable, subject only to the provisions of Section 58 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations. Since we are a public company, the provisions  of  Section  58  will  apply  to  us.  In  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  58(2)  of  the  Indian Companies Act, 2013, the securities or other interests of the member are freely transferable except where there is any contract  or  arrangement  between  two  or  more  persons  in  respect  of  transfer  of  securities,  which  may  be enforced as a contract. If our Board refuses to register a transfer of shares, the shareholder wishing to transfer his, her or its shares may file an appeal with the National Company Law Tribunal.
Pursuant to Section 59 (4) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, if a transfer of shares contravenes any of the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 or the regulations issued thereunder or any other Indian laws, the National Company Law Tribunal may, on application made by the relevant company, a depository, company, Depositary participant, the holder of securities or the SEBI, direct any company or a Depositary to set right the contravention and to rectify the registers, records of members and / or beneficial owners.
Our Registrar and share Transfer Agent ('RTA') for our equity shares is KFin Technologies Limited located in Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 &amp; 32, Financial District Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad 500032, India.
The SEBI vide its amendment notification dated June 8, 2018, and through additional clarification dated May 27, 2019,  had  clarified  that  effective  April  1,  2019,  except  in  case  of  transmission  or  transposition  of  securities, requests for effecting transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialized form with a depository. Subsequently, the SEBI by way of a notification dated January 24, 2022, which amended certain  provisions  of  the  Listing  Regulations,  did  away  with  the  carve-out  provided  for  transmission  and transposition of securities. Pursuant to the said amendment, the transmission or transposition of securities held in physical or dematerialized form can be effected only in dematerialized form. Further, pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular for Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents dated May 7, 2024 which replaced and rescinded the SEBI  circular  dated  January  25,  2022,  all  listed  companies  have  been  mandated  to  issue  securities  only  in dematerialized form, while processing the following service requests: (a) issue of duplicate securities certificate; (b) claim from unclaimed suspense account; (c) renewal / exchange of securities certificate; (d) endorsement; (e)
sub-division / splitting of securities certificate; (f) consolidation of securities certificates / folios; (g) transmission; and (h) transposition.
