---
document_id: "b03b0cc16b6ff8f86e09d40106754eb743552aaffe074d0a030fcf6103be7869"
title: "Infosys Limited has informed the Exchange regarding 'Uniting Financial Services, Australia Subscribes to Infosys Finacle s Digital Banking SaaS Suite on AWS cloud'."
document_date: "Unknown"
category: "Updates"
pages: 3
priority: 2
source_url: "https://nsearchives.nseindia.com/corporate/Infosys_20082025093726_PR_20082025.pdf"
source_filename: "Infosys_20082025093726_PR_20082025_b03b0cc1.pdf"
downloaded_at: "2026-07-07T13:01:27.296167Z"
processed_at: "2026-07-07T13:01:27.867193Z"
docling_version: "latest"
company: "Infosys"
exchange: "NSE"
language: "en"
---


## TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES

## BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE

August 20, 2025

Dear Sir/ Madam,

## Sub: Press release

Please find enclosed the press release titled ' Uniting Financial Services, Australia Subscribes to Infosys Finacle's Digital Banking SaaS Suite on AWS Cloud'

This information will also be hosted on the Company's website, at www.infosys.com.

This is for your information and records.

Yours Sincerely, For Infosys Limited

## A.G.S. Manikantha

Company Secretary Membership No: A21918

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## PRESS RELEASE

## Uniting Financial Services, Australia Subscribes to Infosys Finacle's Digital Banking SaaS Suite on AWS Cloud

Collaboration sets a new industry benchmark with end-to-end core and digital channel migration completed in just five months

Bengaluru, India and Melbourne, Australia - August 20, 2025: Infosys  Finacle,  part  of  EdgeVerve Systems,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Infosys  (NSE,  BSE,  NYSE:  INFY),  today  announced  its collaboration  with  Uniting  Financial  Services  (UFS),  a  charitable  development  fund  in  Australia,  to implement the next-gen Finacle Digital Banking Suite. The move from UFS' incumbent platform to Finacle Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) on AWS cloud was completed in less than five months. This was enabled by the  Finacle  Australian  Reference  Bank  Model  -  a  solution  with  preconfigured  products,  processes, interfaces, and compliance rules. The implemented Finacle Digital Banking Suite includes the  Finacle Core Banking,  Finacle  Digital  Engagement  Hub,  Finacle  Online  Banking,  Finacle  Mobile  Banking,  Finacle Customer Data Hub, and Finacle Alerts.

This collaboration will enable UFS to transform its operations, helping enhance business agility, compliance, and operational efficiency. It will also help UFS to provide a world-class digital experience for its customer base, introduce new offerings faster and scale seamlessly, in line with its purpose-driven growth strategy. In addition, the next-gen Finacle Digital Banking Suite will enable UFS to:

- Deliver  richer  digital  experiences  through  intuitive,  omnichannel  self-service  capabilities  across mobile and online platforms.
- Expand its investment product offerings, scale deposits, and grow its commercial loan business.
- Connect with partners easily through open APIs, driving both innovation and operational gains.
- Unlock resilience, on-demand scalability and reliable performance with cloud-native SaaS services and AWS infrastructure.
- Build  a  secure,  cloud-native  banking  environment  leveraging  several  AWS  services  including Amazon RDS for backend databases, Amazon EKS for managed Kubernetes, and AWS WAF for firewall protection.

John McComb, Chief Risk Officer and Acting CEO, Uniting Financial Services, said : 'We are delighted to announce the successful go-live of the Finacle platform. Our goal was to modernise our core banking and digital capabilities to enhance the experience for clients. With Infosys Finacle, we have found a longterm technology partner, with the ability to deliver a future-ready platform that meets the needs of our operations today and supports our ambitions for tomorrow in a rapidly evolving financial services landscape.'

<!-- image -->

Jamie Simon, Director, Banking and Financial Services (A/NZ), AWS, said, 'Our collaboration with Infosys Finacle demonstrates AWS's commitment to helping financial institutions modernise and innovate to  deliver  business  value.  Uniting  Financial  Services  reinforces  how  AWS's  secure  and  resilient  cloud infrastructure enables financial services organisations to transform their banking operations and enhance digital  experiences  for  customers.  We're  proud  to  support  UFS  in  their  mission  to  deliver  purpose-led financial services.'

Sajit Vijayakumar, Chief Executive Officer, Infosys Finacle , said, 'We are delighted to collaborate with Uniting Financial Services on their transformation journey. Going live on Finacle SaaS in record time is a testament to our commitment to modern banking and customer-centric innovation. This rapid deployment underscores the power of a truly digital, cloud-native platform that's built for agility, compliance, and scale. For community banks in the region looking to modernize without the pain of legacy transformation, this is proof that next-gen banking is not just possible - it's achievable, fast.'

## About Infosys Finacle

Finacle is an industry leader in digital banking solutions. We are a unit of EdgeVerve Systems, a whollyowned product subsidiary of Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY). We partner with emerging and established financial institutions to help inspire better banking. Our cloud-native solution suite and SaaS services help banks engage, innovate,  operate,  and  transform  better  to  scale  digital  transformation  with  confidence. Finacle solutions address the core banking, lending, digital engagement, payments, cash management, wealth management, treasury, analytics, AI, and blockchain requirements of financial institutions. Today, banks in over 100 countries rely on Finacle to help more than a billion people and millions of businesses to save, pay, borrow, and invest better. For more information, visit www.finacle.com.

## Safe Harbor

Certain  statements  in  this  release  concerning  our  future  growth  prospects,  or  our  future  financial  or operating performance, are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The  risks  and  uncertainties  relating  to  these  statements  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  risks  and uncertainties regarding the execution of our business strategy, increased competition for talent, our ability to  attract  and  retain  personnel,  increase  in  wages,  investments  to  reskill  our  employees,  our  ability  to effectively implement a hybrid work model, economic uncertainties and geo-political situations, technological disruptions and innovations such as artificial intelligence ('AI'), generative AI, the complex and evolving regulatory landscape including immigration regulation changes, our ESG vision, our capital allocation policy and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity,  capital  resources,  our  corporate  actions  including  acquisitions,  and  cybersecurity  matters. Important factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ from those implied by the forwardlooking statements are discussed in more detail in our US Securities and Exchange Commission filings including our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. These filings are available at www.sec.gov. Infosys may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our reports to shareholders. The Company does not undertake to update any forwardlooking statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company unless it is required by law.

## Media contacts :

For further information, please contact: PR\_Global@Infosys.com


