---
document_name: "INFY_15062026210015_Form20F_June152026.md"
group_id: "INFY_15062026210015_Form20F_June152026__group_053"
source_section_count: 2
page_start: 363
page_end: 369
estimated_tokens: 4290
source_section_ids:
  - "INFY_15062026210015_Form20F_June152026__096"
  - "INFY_15062026210015_Form20F_June152026__097"
---

## Conflict of Interest
## What does conflict of interest mean?
When the interests or benefits of one person conflict with the interests or benefits of the Company, a conflict of interest is said to occur. We must avoid situations involving actual or potential conflict of interest so that even the slightest doubt about our integrity is not raised.
Conflicts of interest also occur when we or our family members receive improper personal benefits, or preferential treatment as a result of our position, or the position of a family member, in the Company. Remember that such situations might impact our judgment or responsibilities towards our Company and our shareholders and customers.
## QUESTION
I work in a country where the laws are different from those in the country where I am based. Does the Code cover both locations?
## RESPONSE
Infosys respects the letter and the spirit of the laws and customs of every place where we do business. The Code is intended to be broad enough to cover everyone worldwide, but laws vary from place to place. What may be lawful in one place may be unlawful in another. Employees must always perform their jobs in compliance with applicable laws, policies and procedures. If you are concerned about a possible conflict involving our Code, Company policies and procedures, and any local laws or customs contact any of the resources listed at the end of the Code.
## When could I be faced with a 'conflict of interest' issue?
Some examples include:
## OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT OR ENGAGEMENT
If we take part in any activity that enhances or supports a competitor's position or accept simultaneous employment with any other company or business entity, it is considered outside employment and a conflict of interest. This includes performing services as an employee, agent or contractor for a customer, supplier or any other entity that has a business relationship with the Company while working at Infosys, as well as taking up any outside engagement that would adversely impact our responsibilities at Infosys.
## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
We should also avoid conducting Company business with a Family Member or Relative, or with a business in which a Family Member or Relative is associated in any significant role. Family Member or Relative include spouse, siblings, children, parents, grandparents, grandchildren, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins, step relationships, and in-laws.
Material transactions, particularly those involving the Company's directors or executive officers, must be reviewed and approved in writing in advance by the Company's Audit Committee. As a listed entity, the Company is subject to certain legal obligations to report such material related party transactions to regulators and it is important that all such transactions be fully disclosed, conducted at arm's length and with no preferential treatment.
## WORKING WITH FAMILY
To avoid conflicts of interest and any appearance of favoritism, we should ensure that we do not work directly for, supervise or make employment decisions about a Family Member or Relative. This includes positions or assignments within the same department and the employment of such individuals in positions that have a financial or other dependence or influence (e.g., an auditing or control relationship, or a supervisor/subordinate relationship).
Please reach out to your manager and unit HR manager if you have any questions about this. The Human Resources Department is responsible for determining whether an acknowledged relationship is covered by the policy.
## RELATIONSHIPS AT WORK
Personal or romantic involvement with a competitor, supplier, or another employee of the Company might affect your ability to exercise good judgment on behalf of the Company. This could lead to conflict of interest. Personal relationships and romantic liaisons between employees who are in a manager-employee reporting structure may lead to team management challenges and reduced morale. Such relationships must be disclosed to the manager immediately, who may take appropriate corrective action.
## OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIP
## 28
It is a conflict of interest for employees or directors to serve as a director, partner, sole proprietor or any other equivalent position of any company, firm or business entity, as the case may be that competes with the Company or have a line of business similar to that of Infosys. With prior approval of the Office of Integrity and Compliance, employees may serve on the boards or governing body of two other business entities, provided such entities do not compete with Infosys. In case any clarification is required, please reach out to the Office of Integrity and Compliance.
## OUTSIDE INVESTMENTS
We should not have a financial interest, including through a relative, in any organization if that interest would give or appear to give us a conflict of interest with the Company. We should be particularly sensitive to financial interests in competitors, suppliers, customers, distributors and strategic partners. Questions in this regard should be directed to OIC@infosys .com.
## LOANS
Loans and guarantees to employees by the Company could constitute improper personal benefits depending on the facts and circumstances. Loans by the Company to, or guarantees by the Company of obligations of, any director or executive officer or their family members are prohibited by law.
## Conflict of Interest
## When faced with such issues, ask yourself:
-  Would this create or appear to create an unfair incentive for me or my family?
-  Am I putting Infosys at risk of violating laws or agreements with our customers?
-  Would this look bad if it was brought up in social media?
-  Would this distract me from doing my job?

## What should I do if I have any potential/ actual conflict of interest?
-  All such situations must be disclosed on the Smart Awareness Quiz (SAQ) platform under 'Conflict of Interest' or by reaching out to OIC@infosys.com. Remember, having a conflict of interest is a violation of this Code.
-  Additionally, we must also update any changes to our disclosures on the SAQ platform or to OIC@infosys.com.

Since the situations for other conflicts of interest are wide and many, it would be impractical to attempt to list all possible situations. If a proposed transaction or situation raises any questions or doubts, you should raise it to OIC@infosys.com.
## Political Activities
Infosys reserves the right to communicate its position on important issues to the elected representatives and other government officials. Infosys' funds or assets must not be used as contribution for political campaigns or political practices under any circumstances without the prior written approval of the Board. For obtaining such approvals, please reach out to OIC@infosys.com. We do not seek reimbursement for political contributions or use Infosys resources for personal political activities. We also do not indicate in any manner that we represent our Company's opinion about a candidate for office or any political cause or decision of any government.
## Lobbying
'Lobbying' refers to any activity which influences laws, regulations, public policies or government decision-making, and we must be aware that such activities are regulated. Any direct or indirect interaction with government officials, including preparing policy positions or engaging through industry associations or third parties might be construed as lobbying. We should not claim to represent our Company at such engagements unless we are specifically designated by the Company to do so. Lobbying laws and related reporting requirements vary across countries, and it is important that we understand and comply with these.
You can reach out to OIC@infosys.com if you have any questions. As in all other spheres of our activity, any meetings of this sort should be carried out with integrity and transparency.
## Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing
Money Laundering occurs when someone directly or indirectly gets involved in any process or activity connected with the proceeds of crime including its concealment, possession, acquisition or use and projecting or claiming it as untainted property. Terrorism financing occurs when money or other resources are made available to commit criminal acts of terrorism or to support terrorist organizations. In case you notice any such activity, please report it using the helpline details.
## Immigration
At Infosys, we may be required to travel across the globe from time to time to support defined business requirements. During such travel, we are expected to ensure compliance with applicable requirements both under immigration laws as well as company policies. In case any clarification is required, please reach out to Global Immigration helpdesk at GI\_Helpdesk2@infosys.com.
## C. PROTECTING COMPANY ASSETS
## Company Confidential Information
For the Company, its confidential information is a valuable asset and every director, employee and agent of the Company must protect it. Confidential information includes all non-public information. It also includes personal information (regardless of its source) that we obtain in the course of business. We must take care that all confidential information is used for Company business purposes only. Additionally, any personal information must be processed on instructions from the Company in accordance with laid out policies, procedures and guidelines and as per applicable privacy laws and regulations. Further, even when working remotely, employees must safeguard confidential information by preventing unauthorized access and using secure networks.
Upon joining Infosys, all employees sign a Confidentiality and Nondisclosure Agreement which details their confidentiality obligations to the Company. As employees, we have access to significant amounts of company information that may not be available to the public, and we should preserve the confidentiality of information obtained in the Company's service.
## Company Confidential Information
Unless the Company has provided its specific consent, which should preferably be in writing, or there is a legal or professional right or duty to disclose, we are prohibited from disclosing confidential Company information. Confidential or proprietary information about clients, our organization, or other parties, which has been gained through employment or affiliation with Infosys, may not be used for personal advantage or for the benefit of third parties.
Our Information Security Policy sets out the expectations on each of us to safeguard confidential information of Infosys and our third parties with the assurance of security, availability, integrity and confidentiality. The Acceptable Usage Policy provides the purposes for which Infosys IT resources may be legitimately used and highlights our cyber responsibilities which include keeping systems safe from inappropriate/unauthorized access and other cybersecurity breaches. These policies, together provide employees with the mandatory directive of safeguarding Infosys and client information.
Our Infosys Privacy Policy and Binding Corporate Rules Policy set out the expectations on each of us to process personal information belonging to our employees, clients, agents, consultants, suppliers, and contractors in a manner so as to ensure compliance with all applicable privacy laws and regulations, including processing personal data across borders between group entities. Unless authorized and contractually agreed, we are committed to protect the confidentiality of such personal information while processing such personal information, implement adequate technical and organizational measures and employees are made aware of and required to comply with mandated processes under Privacy Policy and Binding Corporate Rules Policy for responsible use, disclosure, storage, retaining or any other processing of such personal information.
Any incident involving personal data/information (actual or suspected) should be brought to the attention of Data Privacy Office by raising  a request on Report Data Privacy Incident/Breach - Infosys Data Privacy Portal or by writing to privacy@infosys.com. Any incident involving unauthorized access/ use of systems or information held therein (actual or suspected) including such incidents in remote settings should be reported to the Information Security Group by raising an IHD to the Information Security Group or via email at ICERT@infosys.com.

## Improper Opportunities
When we receive information as part of our job, we should not trade with it for our personal benefit. Neither should we pass on the information to our friends and family members or indirectly compete with the Company. Information obtained as part of our job should not be taken advantage of even after we leave the organization.
## Company Intellectual Property
The intellectual property (IP) of the Company must be protected as a vital business asset. Our IP portfolio includes copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, design rights, logos, brands and know-how. We must use our IP focusing on protecting these assets. It is important to ensure that to the extent permitted by law, the rights to all IP created using the Company's time and expense that which are within the scope of our duties are assigned to and are the property of the Company. We should promptly disclose any works, inventions or developments we create to obtain legal protection over them. Please contact the IP Cell at infyipteam@infosys.com if you have any questions.
## Speaking to the Media
Any inappropriate or inaccurate response, even a simple 'NO' or disclaimer of information, may result in adverse publicity and could otherwise gravely affect the Company's legal position.
## Providing Information to the Media
When we speak about the Company on a public forum, including social media, we must make it clear that we are expressing our personal views and not representing the Company. We should be mindful of our statements or posts as even when posting in a personal capacity, our posts may reflect on the Company, and our personal views can be mistaken for Company statements. This does not prohibit us from resharing articles, blog posts and other content related to Company achievements and initiatives.
Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Department are the official Company spokespeople for financial matters. Further, all inquiries or calls from the press and financial analysts should be referred to the Corporate Communications team, which is authorized to handle exchanges with the media.  If you receive any enquiry about the Company or about any content posted on social media, please forward it to the team responsible for handling external queries by writing to pr\_india@infosys.com or pr\_global@infosys.com.
For more information, you may read Infosys Code on Fair Disclosures and Investor Relations which establishes who in the Company may communicate information and Social Media Policy for guidance on social media usage.
## Physical Access Control
Infosys has developed procedures for physical access control to ensure privacy of communications, maintenance of the security of the Company communication equipment, and safeguard Company assets from theft, misuse and destruction. We are responsible for complying with the security policies in our location. We should not violate or bypass the security controls. For more details please read the Company's Information Security Policy.
## Use of Company Assets
The use of Infosys assets for individual profit or any unlawful, unauthorized personal or unethical purpose is prohibited. Our information technology, intellectual property (e.g., copyrights, patents, and trademarks), facilities, equipment, machines, software, and cash may be used for business purposes only, including responsible and accurate expense reimbursement, and in accordance with applicable policies. Other assets (e.g., computers, printers, and copiers) may be used for minor and incidental personal purposes provided such use is kept to a minimum, and does not create any significant incremental costs, interfere with work duties, or violate any laws or Infosys policies. The use of any Infosys resources for personal political activities is prohibited. Computer hardware, software, data, and facilities are valuable resources that need protection from potential destruction, theft, or misuse. These resources may also include confidential client or Infosys information that requires safeguarding. It is your responsibility to prevent unauthorized access through the use of ID badges, passwords, or other security codes, and physical security measures (such as using computer cable locks, not leaving computers unattended in cars, and other normal precautions), even when working in remote settings. Copyrighted materials (e.g., books, music, software, and magazines) should not be reproduced, distributed, or altered without permission of the copyright owner or an authorized agent. Software used in connection with the business of Infosys should be properly licensed and used only in accordance with that license. Using unlicensed software could constitute copyright infringement and may be grounds for disciplinary action. For more information, please read the Company's policies on use of Company assets. Expense Claims Each supervisor, manager, and individual employee has an obligation to each other and to the Company to comply with Infosys business expenses and reimbursement policies and practices. All business-related expense claims must be authorized by your manager before being incurred. Personal expenses will not be reimbursed by the Company. QUESTION I recently started working at Infosys. I previously worked for a competitor and just realized I may be involved in developing technology for Infosys that is very similar to what I developed for my prior employer. Should I inform my manager? RESPONSE Yes, immediately inform your supervisor that there may be a conflict with your obligations to a prior employer, but take care not to disclose any confidential information belonging to the prior employer in doing so. You should follow any obligation to your prior employer not to disclose or use their confidential technical information. Infosys expects you to honor your confidentiality obligations to your prior employer. When in doubt about the scope of obligations to a prior employer contact our IP Cell.
## 37
## Ethical Use of AI and Emerging Technologies
We are required to develop and use AI in a responsible, ethical, and secure manner, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. It is essential that we adhere to the Infosys AI Policy and all relevant client or vendor contractual requirements. Only approved AI tools are permitted. Confidential, client-related, personal or proprietary information must not be shared with public AI systems unless explicitly authorized. Any AI-generated content used in internal, client, or public deliverables must be transparently disclosed and reviewed for accuracy, bias, and policy compliance.
We must ensure that we accurately represent both the benefits and potential harms of AI, both within our organization and externally. We must respect intellectual property, and remain accountable for all actions and decisions made with AI support. In case of questions please reach out to ResponsibleAI@infosys.com.
## D.  COMMITTED TO OUR CUSTOMERS AND OUR SUPPLIERS
To many people, we are the only 'Infosys' that they will ever meetas such we are a brand ambassador and a representative of the Company. For instance, if our job involves working with current or potential Company customers/suppliers, we must act in a manner that is representative of our C-LIFE values. The goodwill our Company enjoys is one of our most important assets, and we must preserve and enhance our reputation through our actions.
## Fair Dealings
We must deal fairly with the Company's customers, suppliers, partners, service providers, competitors and anyone else with whom we interact while at work. We should not take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of facts or any other unfair dealing practice.
## Confidential Information of Clients and Third Parties
The Confidentiality and Nondisclosure Agreement we sign when we join the Company details our confidentiality obligations to the Company and its clients. We have access to significant amounts of client information that may not be available to the public, and we are required to preserve the confidentiality of information obtained in client service. Information of a confidential, private and sensitive nature must be used responsibly and controlled and protected to prevent its prohibited, arbitrary or careless disclosure. Unless the client has provided its specific consent, which should preferably be in writing, or there is a legal or professional right or duty to process or disclose, we are prohibited from processing or disclosing confidential client information.
Confidential or proprietary information including personal information about clients, our organization, or other parties, which has been gained through employment or affiliation with Infosys, may not be used for personal advantage or for the benefit of third parties. We are committed to protect the confidentiality of processing such personal information by implementing adequate technical and organizational measures, and all employees, agents, consultants, suppliers, contractors, are made aware of their responsibility to use, or process personal information, unless authorized by law and/or contractually agreed.
## Free and Fair Competition
At Infosys, we believe that a free and fair market benefits all of us and ensures that our clients receive the best quality products and services at the best prices. Most countries we operate in have laws to encourage and protect free and fair market competition by regulating anti-competitive conduct, including unfair acts by market leaders. These laws regulate our relationships with our customers, competitors, distributors and resellers.
## What do we need to know? What is regulated? How do we comply?
-  Anti-trust laws generally address the following areas: Unfair pricing practices (such as price discrimination, price fixing), secret rebates, entry barriers through exclusive dealerships or distributorships which are questionable, restrictions on carrying competing products and other practices. If you come across any such questionable practices in the course of your work, for instance, while bidding for services, please contact the Helpline.
-  We should not engage in any commercially motivated understanding (written or oral, expressed or implied) to undermine the fair market competition.
-  We should not knowingly make false or misleading statements regarding our competitors or the products and services of our competitors, customers or suppliers.
-  Collusion among competitors is illegal. Our communications with competitors should always avoid subjects such as prices or other terms and conditions of sale, customers and suppliers. We should not enter into an agreement or understanding, written or oral, express or implied, with any competitor on these subjects.

For more information, please refer Anti-Trust Policy.
## QUESTION
My department is in the process of choosing a vendor. One of my employees recommended a company owned by his sister. I have heard good things about this company from other sources. Can I consider this company even though one of my employees is related to the owner?
## RESPONSE
This employee can compete for the work, but the employee who is related to the owner cannot be involved in decisions about choosing the vendor. Nor can the employee be involved in managing the vendor, if chosen. Your employee should also understand that he cannot provide any confidential Infosys information or other advantage to his sister that would help her company be selected. Also, you should consult your manager about any actual or apparent conflicts of interest under the circumstances, particularly where family members are involved.
