---
document_name: "INFY_15062026210015_Form20F_June152026.md"
group_id: "INFY_15062026210015_Form20F_June152026__group_016"
source_section_count: 1
page_start: 103
page_end: 109
estimated_tokens: 4573
source_section_ids:
  - "INFY_15062026210015_Form20F_June152026__031"
---

## Profiles of Directors and Executive Officers
Nandan M. Nilekani (Nandan) is the Chairman of Infosys Limited, which he co-founded in 1981. He also co-founded and is the Chairman of EkStep Foundation, a not-for-profit effort to create a learner-centric, technology-based platform to improve basic literacy and numeracy for millions of children. In January 2023, he was appointed as the co- chair of the 'G20 Task  Force  on  Digital  Public  Infrastructure  for  Economic  Transformation,  Financial  Inclusion  and Development'. He was the Founding Chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) in the rank of a Cabinet Minister from 2009 to 2014. Born in Bengaluru, Nandan received his bachelor's degree from IIT, Bombay. Fortune Magazine conferred on him the title of 'Asia's Businessman of the Year - 2003'. In 2005, he received the prestigious Joseph Schumpeter Prize for innovative services in economy, economic sciences and politics. In 2006, he was  awarded  the  Padma  Bhushan.  The  same  year,  he  was  named  Businessman  of  the  Year  by  Forbes  Asia.  Time magazine listed him as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2006 and 2009. Foreign Policy magazine listed  him  as  one  of  the  Top  100  Global  Thinkers  in  2010.  In  2014,  he  won  The  Economist  Social  &amp;  Economic Innovation  Award  for  his  leadership  of India's unique  identification  initiative  (Aadhaar).  In  2017,  he  received  the Lifetime  Achievement  Award  from  E  &amp;  Y.  CNBC-TV18  conferred  him  the  India  Business  Leader  award  for outstanding contribution to the Indian economy in 2017 and he also received the 22 nd Nikkei Asia Prize for Economic &amp; Business Innovation 2017. He was inducted as International Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences  in  2019.  Business  Standard  Annual  awards  2022  conferred 'The Life  Time  Achievement Award'. TIME Magazine has featured him among 100 Most Influential People in AI-2024. He is the author of 'Imagining India' and co-authored with Viral Shah his second book, 'Rebooting India: Realizing a Billion Aspirations' and his third book with Tanuj Bhojwani, 'The Art of Bitfulness: Keeping Calm in the Digital World' released in January 2022. Nandan's full profile is also available at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/nandan-nilekani.html
Salil Parekh (Salil) as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, sets and evolves the strategic direction for the company and its portfolio of offerings, while nurturing a strong leadership team to drive its execution. Salil has helped transform Infosys into a leading digital, cloud, and AI company. Salil has over three decades of global experience in the IT  services  industry  with  a  strong  track  record  of  driving  digital  transformation  for  enterprises,  executing  business turnarounds,  and  managing  successful  acquisitions.  Salil  topped  the  IT  services  ranking  in  Brand Finance's Brand Guardianship Index (BGI) 2024 for the role of CEO as brand custodian and steward of long-term shareholder value. Over the years Salil has won several CEO leadership awards. Earlier, Salil was a member of the Management Board at Capgemini, and a partner at consulting practice Ernst &amp; Young LLP.  He had several leadership positions for 25 years, across US, UK, Europe and Asia. He was responsible for overseeing a business cluster comprising Application Services (North  America,  UK,  Asia),  Cloud  Infrastructure  Services,  and  Sogeti.  He  was  responsible  for  the  strategy  and execution  of  these  businesses - setting  direction  and  enabling  rapid  client  adoption.  He  was  also  the  Chairman  of Capgemini's North America Executive Council. He was the architect of the North America's growth and turnaround strategy and was instrumental in setting up their offshoring capabilities. As a Partner at Ernst &amp; Young and is widely credited for bringing scale and value to the Indian operations of the consultancy firm. He holds Master of Engineering degrees  in  Computer  Science  and  Mechanical  Engineering  from  Cornell  University,  and  a  Bachelor  of  Technology degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. Salil is on the board of Advance CT, an organization that supports business and innovation in the state of Connecticut. Salil is also on the Board of the US-India  Strategic  Partnership  Forum  (USISPF)  an  organization  that  works  towards  strengthening  the  US-India relationship and promoting collaboration in various sectors, including technology. Salil's full profile is also available at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/salil-parekh.html D. Sundaram (Sundaram) is the Lead Independent Director of Infosys. He is the Chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Risk  Management  Committee,  and  a  member  of  the  Audit  Committee,  the Stakeholder Relationship Committee and the Cybersecurity risk sub-committee. His experience spans corporate finance, business  performance,  monitoring  operations,  governance,  mergers  &amp;  acquisitions,  talent  /  people  management  and strategy. He joined Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL), the Indian listed subsidiary of Unilever Plc, as a management trainee in June 1975 and served in various capacities including six years in Unilever, London as Commercial officer: Africa and Middle East (90-93) and as Senior Vice President for South Asia and Middle East (96-99). He was the Chief Finance Officer of HUL from April 1999 to March 2008 and as the Vice Chairman and CFO from April 2008 to July 2009. He is a two-time winner of the prestigious 'CFO of the Year for FMCG Sector' award by CNBC TV18 (2006 and 2008). Sundaram is a post-graduate in Management Studies (MMS), Fellow of the Institute of Cost Accountants, and has done Harvard Business School's Advanced Management Program (AMP). He currently serves as an independent director (in addition to Infosys) on the boards of Crompton Greaves Consumer and Schneider Electric Infrastructure. He also served as the Vice Chairman and MD of TVS Capital Funds, a growth capital Private Equity Fund (TVS Shriram Growth  Fund.).  Sundaram  has  served  as  an  independent  director  on  the  Board  of  State  Bank  of  India,  the  largest Commercial bank of the country, between Jan 2009 to June 2014; of SBI Capital Markets between 2002 to 2014 and has been a member of the board of governors of Institute of Financial Management and Research and KREA University, Andhra Pradesh.
[Sundaram's full profile is also available at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/d-sundaram.html](https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/d-sundaram.html)
Michael Gibbs (Michael) is an Independent Director of Infosys. He is the Chairperson of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee and the Cybersecurity risk sub-committee and serves as a member of the Audit Committee, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. He is  the  former  Group  CIO  for  BP,  PLC  having  responsibility  for  setting  and  implementing BP's IT  strategy  and providing computing and telecommunications technology services worldwide. As CIO, Michael led a transformation of the IT function at BP, reorganizing the function and operating model. He led improvements in cybersecurity and the application of emerging digital technologies including plans for a migration of legacy data centers to the cloud. Michael served as CIO for various businesses including Conoco Refining &amp; Marketing, Europe and Asia, based in London and ConocoPhillips Supply and Trading, Corporate Functions and Global Downstream, based in Houston. In 2008, Michael returned to  London joining BP as VP/CIO, Refining &amp; Marketing, before becoming Group CIO in 2013. Currently, Michael  does  occasional  business  consulting  and  speaking.  He  has  chaired  several  church  and  missions  boards  and currently serves as Vice-Chair of 'A Child's Hope - Haiti' serving the orphans of Haiti. Michael graduated summa cum laude from Oklahoma State University with a degree in Management Science. He completed the Executive Management Program at Penn State University in 1997 and the Concours/Cash CIO Leadership Program in 2004. In 2015, he was named to CIO magazine's list of the most influential Global CIOs and ranked as I-CIO's 2 nd most powerful IT executive in  Europe. Michael's full  profile  is  also  available  at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/michaelgibbs.html Bobby Parikh (Bobby) is an Independent Director of Infosys. He is the Chairperson of the Audit Committee and serves as a member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee and the Risk Management Committee. He is the Managing Partner of Bobby Parikh Associates, a boutique firm focused on providing strategic tax and regulatory advisory services. Over the years, Bobby has had extensive experience in advising clients across a range of industries. An area of focus for Bobby has been to work with businesses, both Indian and multinational, in interpreting the changes to India's policy framework and help businesses better leverage opportunities arising from and address challenges resulting from such changes.  Bobby  has  led  teams  that  have  advised  clients  in  the  areas  of  entry  strategy  (MNCs  into  India  and  Indian companies into overseas markets), business model identification, structuring a business presence, mergers, acquisitions and other business reorganizations. Bobby's particular area of focus is providing tax and regulatory advice in relation to transactions and other forms of business reorganizations, whether inbound, outbound or wholly domestic. In this regard, Bobby works extensively with private equity funds, other institutional investors and owners and managers of businesses to develop bespoke solutions that optimally address the commercial objectives underpinning a particular transaction or a business reorganization. Bobby also works closely with regulators and policy formulators in providing inputs to aid in the development of new regulations and policies, and in assessing the implications and efficacy of these and providing feedback for action. Bobby was co-founder of BMR Advisors, a highly regarded tax and transactions firm which he helped establish and run for over 12 years. Prior to forming BMR Advisors, Bobby was the Chief Executive Officer of Ernst &amp; Young in India and held that responsibility until December 2003. Bobby worked with Arthur Andersen for over 17 years and was its Country Managing Partner until the Andersen practice combined with that of Ernst &amp; Young in June  2002.  Bobby  led  the  Financial  Services  industry  practice  at  Arthur  Andersen  and  then  also  at  Ernst  &amp;  Young. Bobby is a graduate in Commerce from the University of Mumbai and qualified as a Chartered Accountant from the Indian Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in 1987. Bobby's full profile is also available at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/bobby-parikh.html Chitra Nayak (Chitra) is  an Independent Director of Infosys. She is the Chairperson of the Environment, Social and Governance  Committee  and  serves  as  a  member  of  the  Risk  Management  Committee,  the  Stakeholder  Relationship Committee, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and the Cybersecurity risk sub-committee. She has over 25 years of experience in go-to-market, general management, and operations leadership roles at various organizations. She currently serves as a Member of the Board at Vimo, a tech platform for healthcare services access, and was formerly on public boards at Invitae, a medical genetics company; at LifeWorks, a tech-enabled HR services company; at Forward Air, a freight and logistics company. She also was on the board at a private company Intercom, a messaging platform company. She advises startups on go-to-market strategies and is an Executive Advisor at BCG. Most recently, she was the Chief Operating Officer, overseeing the go-to-market strategy at Comfy, a real-estate tech startup and prior to that she was COO at Funding Circle, an online SMB lending marketplace. Chitra has been in leadership roles at Salesforce for eight years as COO, Platform and Senior Vice President, Global Sales Development. She was earlier part of AAA, Charles Schwab, and the Boston Consulting Group. Chitra has a passion for empowering women in the workplace. She is the co-founder of Neythri.org, which supports South Asian professional women. She was also the co-founder of the Salesforce Women's Network initiative. She has co-created and taught an MBA class on 'Women in Leadership' at California  State  University,  East  Bay.  Chitra  holds  an  MBA  with  Honors  from  Harvard  Business  School,  an  MS  in Environmental  Engineering  from  Cornell  University,  and  a  B.Tech  in  Engineering  from  the  Indian  Institute  of Technology. Chitra's full profile is  also  available  at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/chitranayak.html Govind  Iyer ( Govind) is  an  Independent  Director  of  Infosys.  He  is  the  Chairperson  of  the  Corporate  Social Responsibility Committee and serves as a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Environment, Social and Governance Committee, the Risk Management Committee and Cybersecurity risk sub-committee. Govind retired  as  a  Partner  at  Egon  Zehnder  (a  Global  leadership  advisory  Firm).  Prior  to  joining  Egon  Zehnder,  Govind worked at Procter &amp; Gamble, Coca-Cola, and Heinz. Govind has served on the Wharton Executive Education Advisory Board and is an active University of Pennsylvania alumnus. He has served on the Advisory Board of Asian Venture Philanthropy Network (AVPN). He is a founding board member and Chairperson of Social Venture Partners in India, Board of Trustees of the Rockefeller Foundation, Governing Board member of the Ashoka University, board member at Karmayogi Bharat, a Special Purpose Vehicle of Department of Personnel and Training, and is a #LivingmyPromise signatory. Govind has a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Regional Engineering College, Trichy, and an MBA from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. Govind's full profile is also available at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/govind-iyer.html Helene Auriol Potier (Helene) ) is an Independent Director of Infosys. She is a member of the Environment, Social and Governance  Committee,  the  Risk  Management  Committee  and  Cybersecurity  sub-committee.  She  has  built  a  truly global  career  in  digital  technologies  and  in  the  telecommunications  industry  that  has  spanned  multiple  geographies, including the United States, Europe, Africa, and Asia. She started her career in New York in telecommunications in 1986. In 1990, Helene joined the Canadian mobile technology company Nortel Networks Corporation where she spent 15 years and held various senior leadership positions among which were also Vice President Sales Mobile Division Worldwide and Vice President Services &amp; Operations EMEA. In 2005, Helene joined Dell Inc., where she served as CEO  Africa,  Mediterranean  and  CEE.  She  joined  Microsoft  Corporation  in  2008.  During  her  10  years  tenure  at Microsoft,  she  served  in  various  senior  leadership  capacities  including  CEO  Microsoft  Singapore  and,  Managing Director Artificial Intelligence Europe. From November 2018 to December 2020, she was Executive Vice-President in charge  of  International  Business  for  Orange.  Helene  is  often  called  to  speak  on  the  topics  of  digital  transformation, corporate  governance  and  ESG.  She  served  as  independent  director  on  the  boards  of  Safran  SA  until  May 2025, Mimecast Limited until May 2022, Ispen S.A. until May 2018 and Faiveley Transport S.A. until November 2016. Helene currently serves as independent non-executive director on the boards of Accor S.A., Randstad N.V. and Oddo BHF S.C.A. She chairs the Accor board ESG committee, the Randstad Technology committee and the Oddo BHF board compensation committee. She is also a senior advisor at a leading global private equity firm, she is a member of the INSEAD  Governance  Council and  a  Managing  Director  in  Alinerom  S.C.I.  Helene  was  ESG  co-chair  and  board member  at  Institut Français des  Administrateurs,  (IFA),  the  French  association  of  corporate  directors  until  June 2024. Helene received a Master of Science in Engineering from Telecom Paris and an Executive MBA from INSEAD. Helene's full profile is also available at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/helene-auriol-potier.html Nitin Paranjpe (Nitin) is an Independent Director of Infosys and has been appointed as a Vice- Chairman of Infosys Limited w.e.f. 30 April 2026. He is a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Risk Management Committee  and  the  Audit  Committee.  He  is  currently  the  Non-Executive  Chairman  of  Hindustan  Unilever  Limited (HUL) and a member of the Supervisory Board of Heineken NV.  Prior to this, Nitin was a member of the Unilever Leadership  Executive  performing  various  roles  including  Chief  People  and  Transformation  Officer,  and Unilever's Chief Operating Officer (COO). Nitin joined HUL in 1987, where he held various roles in marketing and sales, before being appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, India, and Executive Vice President for Unilever, South Asia, in April 2008. He has been the recipient of many awards in recognition of his contribution to business and industry including CEO of the year (Forbes India) and India business leader of the year (CNBC TV18). For his efforts in blazing a trail for diversity, he won the GG2 Hammer Award in 2019 in the United Kingdom. He is also a member of the Board of  Indian School  of  Business.  Nitin  holds  a bachelor's degree  in  mechanical  engineering  and  an  MBA  in  Marketing  from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management in Mumbai. Nitin's full profile is also available at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/nitin-paranjpe.html Diane Jurgens (Diane) is an Independent Director of Infosys. She is also a strategic Board Member and Technologist with  global  C-suite  experience,  P&amp;L  leadership,  and  a  proven  track  record  leading  transformation  across  multiple industries. She currently serves on the boards of Standard Chartered and World 50. At Standard Chartered, Diane serves as  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  and  is  a  member  of  the  Risk  and  Culture  &amp;  Sustainability  Committees. Previously, as Chief Information Officer for The Walt Disney Company (2020-2023), she led enterprise technology. She also represented Disney on the US-India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPF). As Chief Technology Officer at BHP (2015-2020), Diane spearheaded innovation across autonomous systems, cybersecurity, machine learning, and the Industrial  Internet  of  Things  (IIoT).  During  her  decade  in  Shanghai,  Diane  was  President  &amp;  Managing  Director  of Shanghai  OnStar  Telematics (2012-2015). Prior  to  that,  she  served  as  CIO  for  GM  International  Operations (2008-2012) and  GM  China  (2006-2008).  She  earned  an  MBA  from  Seattle  University  and  a master's degree  in electrical  engineering  from  the  University  of  Washington,  where  she  currently  serves  on  the  College  of  Engineering Dean's Advisory  Board.  Diane  was  awarded  the  Shanghai government's prestigious  Magnolia  Award  and  has  been recognized among the Top 10 Women in Technology. Diane's full profile is also available at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/diane-enberg-jurgens.html Inderpreet Sawhney (Inderpreet ) is the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Infosys. In this role she leads  the  legal  and  compliance  function  for  the  Company.  She  is  a  strategic  business  partner  ensuring  success  for Infosys  in  legal  and  regulatory  matters,  while  spearheading  its  compliance  and  ethics  program.  Inderpreet  also  has additional  responsibility  for  Privacy  and  Data  Protection  at  Infosys.  Inderpreet  is  also  the  Chairperson  of  Infosys Foundation USA and a trustee of the Infosys Foundation India. Inderpreet serves on the Global Board of Directors of the Association of Corporate Counsel.  She has previously served on the Board of Directors of formerly NYSE listed Hillenbrand Inc. (2021-2026) and was the Co-Chair of the World Economic Forum Global Future Counsel for Good Governance (2023-2024).  She  was  an  honoree  at  the  2017  Transformative  Leadership  Awards,  recognizing  General Counsel who demonstrate commitment to advancing women in law. She is also a recipient of the Thought Leadership Award at the 2018 Global Transformative Leadership Awards and was featured among the top 25 Women Leaders in IT Services of 2020, published by The IT Services Report. She is a frequent speaker at global conferences. Inderpreet's full profile is also available at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/inderpreet-sawhney.html Shaji Mathew ( Shaji) is the Chief Human Resource Officer at Infosys. In this role, he is responsible for envisioning the roadmap  for  HR,  driving  strategy,  and  implementing  operational  priorities  aligned  with  the  overall  organizational mandate for Infosys and group companies. Shaji has over 33 years of experience in Infosys. Prior to his current role, he was Infosys' Global head of delivery for Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare and Life Sciences. Over the years, he has played various leadership roles in delivery, as also in managing client relationships, commercials, solutioning, and people management across the US, Europe, and Asia Pacific. He has been actively steering the company's efforts to create a more inclusive and diverse workforce. He is also a trustee of Infosys Foundation focusing on Corporate Social Responsibilities.  Shaji  is  a  rank  holder  from  National  Institute  of  Technology,  Calicut.  He  has  completed  a  Global Leadership Program from Stanford University Graduate School of Business and a Leadership program from Harvard Business School. He serves on the board of International Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), Bangalore. He is also a member of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) National Committee on Leadership and HR. Shaji's full profile is also available at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/shaji-mathew.html Jayesh Sanghrajka (Jayesh) is  the  Executive  Vice  President &amp; Group CFO of Infosys Ltd. With over 3 decades of experience in global finance and strategic leadership, Jayesh plays a pivotal role in long-term value creation; financial and operational excellence; and grooming the next set of leaders for Infosys. As the leader of the company's global finance  organization,  he  oversees  areas  like  facilitating  growth  at  good  margins,  financial  planning  and  analysis, investor relations, treasury, tax, and risk management as well as oversees the facility and infrastructure functions. Over the  years,  he  has  driven  the  finance team's digital  transformation  journey  towards  functional  excellence.  Jayesh spearheads multiple cross-functional initiatives aimed at identifying new revenue growth opportunities or driving cost optimization.  A  key  architect  of  the company's growth  strategy,  Jayesh  is  responsible  for  mergers  and  acquisitions (M&amp;A),  helping  to  create  and  sustain  long-term  competitive  advantage  for  Infosys.  Jayesh  also  champions  the company's ESG  agenda, ensuring that ESG is at the heart of Infosys' strategy to achieve profits with a purpose, while balancing sustainable growth; compliance with international standards; and stakeholder transparency. Prior to Infosys, he worked in companies like Tishman-Speyer, Rediff.com, Mu Sigma, and KPMG, wherein he played a key role in driving various digital and financial transformations to help them be future-ready. Jayesh earned his bachelor's degree in  commerce  from  Mumbai  University,  India.  He  is  a  Chartered  Accountant  from  the  Institute  of  Chartered Accountants, India. He also has a degree in cost accounting. Over the years, he has attended various Executive Global Leadership  Development  Programs  at  global  universities  like  Stanford  University  (USA)  and  Harvard  University
(USA). Jayesh's full profile is also available at : https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/jayeshsanghrajka.html
