---
document_name: "Infosys_22102025144043_SE_Draft_LOA_22102025.md"
group_id: "Infosys_22102025144043_SE_Draft_LOA_22102025__group_015"
source_section_count: 2
page_start: 76
page_end: 80
estimated_tokens: 4562
source_section_ids:
  - "Infosys_22102025144043_SE_Draft_LOA_22102025__025"
  - "Infosys_22102025144043_SE_Draft_LOA_22102025__026"
---

## EACH PROSPECTIVE PARTICIPANT IN A COMPANY BUYBACK SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL AND NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES  OF  PARTICIPATING  IN  THE  BUYBACK  AND  WHETHER  ANY  FOREIGN  TAX CREDITS ARE AVAILABLE TO IT IN RESPECT OF INDIAN WITHHOLDING TAX, IF ANY.
Passive Foreign Investment Company: A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. Federal income tax purposes if either:
- 75% or more of its gross income for the taxable year is passive income; or
- on average for the taxable year by value, if 50% or more of its assets produce or are held for the production of passive income.

The Company does not believe that it satisfies either of the tests for PFIC status for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, and the Company does not expect to satisfy either of the tests for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026. However, because this  determination  is  made  on  an  annual  basis  and  depends  on  a  variety  of  factors  (including  the  Company's  market capitalization), no assurance can be given that the Company was not considered a PFIC for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, or that  the  Company will not be considered a PFIC for the current fiscal year and/or future fiscal years.  If the Company were to be a PFIC for any taxable year, U.S. holders would be required to pay an interest charge together with tax calculated at an ordinary income rates on 'excess distributions,' as the term is defined in relevant provisions of U.S. tax laws, and on any gain on a sale or other disposition of Equity Shares, unless a U.S. holder makes a 'QEF election' or a 'mark-to-market' election, as described below. In addition, individual U.S. holders will not be eligible for the reduced rates of dividend taxation described above if the Company is a PFIC for the fiscal year of the dividend payment or the preceding taxable year.
If the Company is a PFIC in any year, so long as the Equity Shares or ADSs are and remain 'marketable,' a U.S. holder may be able to avoid the excess distribution rules described above by having made a timely so-called 'mark-to-market' election with respect to such U.S. holder's Equity Shares or ADSs. The Equity Shares or ADSs will be 'marketable' as long as they remain regularly traded on a national securities exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, or a foreign securities  exchange that is regulated or supervised by a governmental authority of the country in which the market is located.  A  mark-to-market  election  will  be  effective  for  the  taxable  year  for  which  the  election  is  made  and  for  all subsequent taxable years, unless the Equity Shares or ADSs are no longer regularly traded on a qualified exchange or the IRS consents to the revocation of the election. No assurances may be given regarding whether the Equity Shares or ADSs will qualify, or will continue to be qualified, as being regularly traded in this regard. However, because a mark-to-market election cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs that the Company may own, a U.S. holder may continue to be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to any indirect interest in any investments held by the Company that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including the Company's subsidiaries. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to making a mark-to-market election and the tax consequences of the Buyback if such an election is in effect.
In  addition,  if  the  Company is  a  PFIC  in  any  year,  a  U.S.  holder might  be  able  to  avoid  the  excess  distribution rules described above by making a timely so-called 'qualified electing fund' election, or QEF election, to be taxed currently on his, her or its pro rata portion of the Company's income and gain. However, the Company has not provided and does not plan to provide information necessary for the QEF election, so such election would not have been available to U.S. holders.
In addition, certain information reporting obligations on IRS Form 8621 may apply to U.S. holders if the Company is determined to be a PFIC, including in the year of a sale or disposition.
Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting. Any dividends paid, or proceeds on a sale of, Equity Shares to or by a U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. information reporting, and backup withholding, currently at a rate of 24%, may apply unless such holder is an exempt recipient or provides a U.S. taxpayer identification number, certifies that such holder is not subject to backup withholding and otherwise complies with any applicable backup withholding requirements. Any amount withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or credit against the holder's U.S. federal income tax, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS.
THE  ABOVE  SUMMARY  IS  NOT  INTENDED  TO  BE  A  COMPLETE  ANALYSIS  OF  ALL  TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE BUYBACK. YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, AS WELL AS ANY ADDITIONAL TAX CONSEQUENCES  RESULTING  FROM  PARTICIPATION IN THE BUYBACK, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY  AND  EFFECT  OF  THE  TAX  LAWS  OF  ANY  U.S.  STATE  OR  LOCAL  OR  NON-U.S. JURISDICTION AND ANY ESTATE, GIFT AND INHERITANCE LAWS.
## 25. DECLARATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Declaration as required under clause (ix) and clause (x) of Schedule I under the Buyback Regulations:
- 25.1 The Board of Directors of the Company confirms that there are no defaults subsisting in repayment of deposits, redemption of debentures or interest thereon or payment of dividend, or repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any financial institution or banking company.
- 25.2 The Board of Directors of the Company has confirmed that it has made a full enquiry into the affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion:
- 25.2.1 That immediately following the date of the board meeting held on September 11, 2025 and the date of the members' resolution for approving the Buyback, being November 4, 2025, there will be no grounds on which the Company can be found unable to pay its debts;
- 25.2.2 That as regards the Company's prospects for the year immediately following the date of the board meeting held on September 11, 2025 as well as for the year immediately following the date of passing of the members' resolution, being  November 4,  2025,  and  having  regard  to  the  Board's  intentions  with  respect  to  the  management  of  the Company's business during that year and to the amount and character of the financial resources, which will, in the Board's view, be available to the Company during that year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the board meeting and also from the date of passing of the members' resolution, being November 4, 2025;
- 25.2.3 In  forming  its  opinion  aforesaid,  the  Board  has  taken  into  account  the  liabilities  (including  prospective  and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound up under the provisions of the Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, as amended.

This declaration is made and issued pursuant to the resolution passed at the meeting of the Board held on September 11, 2025.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
| Sd/-                                                                  | Sd/-                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer &Managing Director DIN: 01876159 | [ Name of the Director to be included in the final Letter of Offer] [ Designation of the Director to be included in the final Letter of Offer] DIN: [ DIN of the Director to be included in the final Letter of Offer] |

## 26. AUDITOR'S CERTIFICATE
Report addressed to the Board of Directors by the Company's Auditors on permissible capital payment and opinion formed by directors regarding insolvency
The text of the Report dated September 11, 2025 of Deloitte Haskins &amp; Sells, LLP, the Statutory Auditors of the Company, addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company is reproduced below:
Quote
REF: IL/2025-26/29
## AUDITOR'S REPORT
To,
The Board of Directors, Infosys Limited No. 44, Infosys Avenue, Hosur Road, Electronics City, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560100
Dear Sir/Madam, Re:  Statutory  Auditor's  Report  in  respect  of  proposed  buyback  of  equity  shares  by  Infosys  Limited  (the "Company") in terms of Clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the 'Buyback Regulations')
1. This Report is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter dated July 10, 2025.
2. The Board of Directors of the Company have approved a proposal for buyback of equity shares by the Company (subject to the approval of its shareholders) at its Meeting held on September 11, 2025 in pursuance of the provisions of Sections 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the ' Act ') and the Buyback Regulations.
3. We have been requested by the Management of the Company to provide a report on the accompanying 'Statement of Permissible Capital Payment as at June 30, 2025' (' Annexure A' )  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  the  ' Statement ').  This Statement  has  been  prepared  by  the  Management  of  the  Company,  which  we  have  initialled  for  the  purposes  of identification only.

## Management's Responsibility
4. The preparation of the Statement in accordance with Section 68(2)(c) of the Act, the Regulation 4(i) of the Buyback Regulations and the compliance with the Buyback Regulations, is the responsibility of the management of the Company, including  the  computation  of  the  amount  of  the  permissible  capital  payment,  the  preparation  and  maintenance  of  all accounting and other relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and  maintenance  of  internal  controls  relevant  to  the  preparation  and  presentation  of  the  Statement  and  applying  an appropriate basis of preparation; and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.

## Auditor's Responsibility:
5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance that:
- i. we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months ended June 30, 2025;
- ii. the amount of permissible capital payment for the proposed buyback of equity shares as stated in Annexure A , has been properly determined considering the audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months ended June 30, 2025 in accordance with Section 68(2)(b) and 68(2)(c) of the Act, Regulation 4(i) and Regulation 5(i)(b) of the Buyback Regulations; and
- iii. the Board of Directors of the Company, in their Meeting held on September 11, 2025 have formed the opinion as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations, on reasonable grounds and that the Company will not, having regard  to  its  state  of  affairs,  be  rendered  insolvent  (in  terms  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  and/or  the  Insolvency  and Bankruptcy Code 2016, each as amended) within a period of one year from the date of passing the board resolution dated September 11, 2025 as well as for a period of one year immediately following the date of passing of the shareholders' resolution with regard to the proposed buyback.
6. The interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements referred to in paragraph 5 above, have been audited by us, on which we have issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated July 23, 2025. We conducted our audit of the interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Act and other applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ('ICAI'). Those Standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
7. We conducted our examination of the Statement in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit Reports and Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), issued by the ICAI (the 'Guidance Note') and Standards of Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Act, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
8. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

## Opinion
9. Based on inquiries conducted and our examination as above, we report that:
- i. We have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to its audited interim condensed standalone  and consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months ended June 30, 2025, which have been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on July 23, 2025.
- ii. The amount of permissible capital payment towards the proposed buy back of equity shares as computed in the Statement attached herewith, as Annexure A, in our view has been properly determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 68 (2)(b) and Section 68 (2)(c) of the Act and Regulation 4(i) and Regulation 5(i)(b) of  the Buyback Regulations. The amounts  of  share  capital  and  free  reserves  have  been  extracted  from  the  audited  interim  condensed  standalone  and consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the three months ended June 30, 2025.
- iii. The Board of Directors of the Company, at their meeting held on September 11, 2025 have formed their opinion as specified in clause (x) of Schedule I to the Buyback Regulations, on reasonable grounds and that the Company having regard to its state of affairs, will not be rendered insolvent (in terms of the Companies Act, 2013 and/or the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016, each as amended) within a period of one year from the date of passing the Board Resolution dated September 11, 2025 as well as for a period of one year immediately following the date of passing of the shareholders' resolution with regard to the proposed buyback.

## Restriction on Use
10. This report has been issued at the request of the Company solely for use of the Company (i) in connection with the proposed buyback of equity shares of the Company as mentioned in paragraph 2 above, (ii) to enable the Board of Directors of the Company to include in the explanatory statement to the notice for the special resolution, public announcement, and other documents pertaining to buyback to be sent to the shareholders of the Company or filed with (a) the Registrar of Companies, Securities and Exchange Board of India, stock exchanges, and any other regulatory authority as per applicable law and (b) the Central Depository Services (India) Limited, National Securities Depository Limited and (iii) and for providing to the Merchant Bankers (the 'Managers') in connection with the proposed buyback of equity shares of the Company for onward submission to relevant authorities in pursuance to the provisions of Sections 68 and other applicable provisions of the Act and the Buyback Regulations, and may not be suitable for any other purpose. This report should not be used for any other purpose without our prior written consent. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

## For DELOITTE HASKINS &amp; SELLS LLP
Chartered Accountants (Firm's Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)
Sd/Vikas Bagaria Partner Membership No. 060408 UDIN: 25060408BMOCJM1934
Place: Bengaluru
Date: September 11, 2025
## Annexure A - Statement of Permissible Capital Payment
Computation  of  amount  of  permissible  capital  payment  (including  premium)  towards  buyback  of  equity  shares  in accordance with Section 68(2)(b) and Section 68(2)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended ('the Act'), and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the 'Buyback Regulations'), based on audited interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months ended June 30, 2025.
| Particulars                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Amount (Rs. in crore) Standalone   | Amount (Rs. in crore) Consolidated   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| Paid up equity capital as at June 30, 2025 (A)                                                                                                                                                                                          | 2,077                              | 2,074                                |
| Free Reserves as at June 30, 2025:                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                                    |                                      |
| - Retained earnings*                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | 70,295                             | 78,177                               |
| - Securities Premium                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | 1,258                              | 1,295                                |
| - General reserve                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | 412                                | 1,465                                |
| Total free reserves (B)                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | 71,965                             | 80,937                               |
| Total paid up equity capital and free reserves (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                                    | 74,042                             | 83,011                               |
| Maximum amount permissible for buyback under Section 68 of the Act and Regulation 4(i) of the Buyback Regulations, i.e. lower of25% of the total paid up capital and free reserves of standalone and consolidated financial statements. | 18,510                             | 18,510                               |

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Infosys Limited
Sd/Jayesh Sanghrajka Chief Financial Officer
Date: September 11, 2025'
Unquote
## 27. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION
The  copies  of  the  following  documents  referred  to  hereunder  will  be  available  for  inspection  by  Shareholders  of  the Company at the registered office No. 44, Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560100, from 10:30 a.m. to 5:00  p.m.  on  any  day,  except  Saturday,  Sunday  and  public  holidays  and  on  the  website  of  the  Company  (i.e., https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/buyback-2025.html), in accordance with the Buyback Regulations and such other circulars or notification, as may be applicable :
- 27.1 Copy of Certificate of incorporation of the Company;
- 27.2 Copy of Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company;
- 27.3 Copies  of  annual  reports  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  years  ended  2023,  2024  and  2025  and  the  audited  interim condensed standalone and consolidated financial statements for the half year ended September 30, 2025;
- 27.4 Copy of resolution passed by the Board of Directors in relation to the Buyback at its meeting held on September 11, 2025;
- 27.5 Copy of special resolution of the Equity Shareholders passed by way of postal ballot, the results of which were announced on [●];
- 27.6 The  certificate  dated  September  11,  2025  received  from  Deloitte  Haskins  &amp;  Sells  LLP,  the  Statutory  Auditors  of  the Company, in terms of clause (xi) of Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations.
- 27.7 Copy of the Public Announcement dated [●], published on [●];
- 27.8 Copy of the declaration of solvency and an affidavit as per Form SH-9 of the Share Capital Rules;
- 27.9 Certificate dated [●] issued by [●], confirming that the Company has adequate funds for the purposes of the Buyback;
- 27.10 Copy of the Escrow Agreement dated  [●], 2025 executed amongst Infosys Limited, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited and [●];
