---
document_name: "INFY_30052026201240_SE_Integrated_Annual_Report_2025-26.md"
group_id: "INFY_30052026201240_SE_Integrated_Annual_Report_2025-26__group_025"
source_section_count: 2
page_start: 106
page_end: 108
estimated_tokens: 4359
source_section_ids:
  - "INFY_30052026201240_SE_Integrated_Annual_Report_2025-26__046"
  - "INFY_30052026201240_SE_Integrated_Annual_Report_2025-26__047"
---

## Custodian in India (ADS)
## ICICI Bank Limited
ICICI Bank Limited Securities Market Services 1 st  Floor, Empire Complex, 414, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013, Maharashtra, India. Tel: +91 98210 21853
## Central Depository Services (India) Limited
Marathon Futurex, A-Wing, 25 th , 34 th &amp; 35 th  Floor, Mafatlal Mills Compound NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai 400013, India Tel: 1800-21-09911
## Addresses of stock exchanges
## In India
## National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
Tel: +(022) 6864 5400 / 022 5099 8100
## BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001, India Tel: +022 6654 5695
## Outside India
## New York Stock Exchange
11 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, US Tel: +1 212 656 3000
## Risk management report Statutory reports
'Over the last fiscal year, businesses worldwide have faced significant challenges due to geopolitical shifts, economic uncertainties, supply chain disruptions, evolving regulations, advances in artificial intelligence, technology upheavals, and cybersecurity risks. These factors have collectively impacted operations and decision-making. Amidst this landscape, our enterprise risk management processes were instrumental in guiding the Company's focus and ensuring we prioritized what mattered most to our stakeholders. By proactively identifying and addressing emerging threats, we maintained resilience and adaptability, allowing us to navigate complexities and uphold our commitment to our stakeholders.'
Deepak Bhalla EVP - Chief Risk Officer
Note: The risk-related information outlined in this section may not be exhaustive. The discussion may contain statements that are forward-looking in nature. Our business is subject to uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. If any of the risks materializes, our business, financial conditions or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Our business, operating results, financial performance, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. Readers are advised to refer to the detailed discussion of risk factors and related disclosures in our regulatory filings and exercise their own judgment in assessing risks associated with the Company.
Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function enables the achievement of the Company's strategic objectives by identifying, analyzing, assessing, mitigating, monitoring, and governing any risk or potential threat to these objectives. While this is the key driver, our values, culture, and commitment to stakeholders - employees, customers, investors, regulatory bodies, partners, and the community around us - are the foundation of our ERM framework. The systematic and proactive identification of risks, and mitigation thereof, enables our organization to boost performance with effective and timely decision-making. Strategic decisions are taken after careful consideration of primary, secondary, consequential, and residual risks. The ERM function also enables effective resource allocation through structured qualitative and quantitative risk impact assessment and prioritization based on our risk appetite, which is defined through the ERM framework. During the assessment, impacts and likelihood or probability of the risks are assessed using a four-point scale, and risks are categorized into four categories based on this. Risks are mitigated in the order of criticality starting with critical risks, followed by high and medium risks. Low impact is the default risk appetite for all risks, supported by impact definitions, robust preventive, detective, and corrective controls, and strong governance mechanisms to manage risks and ensure residual risk exposures remain within acceptable limits.
Our ERM framework also enables the identification of underlying opportunities during risk assessment, which are then further evaluated and actionized by the business. Our ERM framework encompasses all of the Company's risks - strategy and strategy execution; operational; legal and compliance risks. These categories can also have internal or external dimensions. Hence, appropriate risk indicators are used to identify these risks proactively. We take cognizance of risks emanating internally or externally and their cumulative impact while framing our risk responses.
Emerging risks: Our ERM framework has defined a process to identify, assess, plan, and monitor risks emerging from internal and external environment which enables the Company to build and maintain resilience in uncertain times. The process includes horizon scanning and SWOT analysis, which cover political, economic, social, technological, legal and environmental aspects. The emerging risks are monitored constantly and discussed in the risk councils and with the Risk Management Committee (RMC) of the Board on a periodic basis.
| Strategy and strategy execution   | The risks arising out of the choices we have made in defining our strategy and the risks to the successful execution of our strategy are covered in this category. For example, risks inherent to our industry and our competitiveness are analyzed and mitigated through strategic choices of target markets, our market offerings, business model and talent base.                                                                            |
|-----------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Operational                       | The risks affecting our policies, procedures, people and systems, thereby impacting service delivery or operations, or compromising our core values or business practices are covered in this category. For example, risks such as inefficiencies in internal processes, human rights, fraud risks, business activity disruptions due to natural calamities, climate change events, human conflicts, system failures and cybersecurity attacks. |
| Legal and compliance              | The risks arising out of threats posed to our financial, organizational, or reputational standing resulting from litigations, non-conformance with laws, regulatory or geopolitical developments, codes of conduct and contractual compliances are covered in this category.                                                                                                                                                                    |

## Integrated Enterprise Risk Management Framework
We have adopted an integrated ERM framework that is implemented across the organization by the Risk Management Office. Our ERM framework incorporates the best practices based on COSO and ISO 31000 and is tailored to suit our unique business requirements.
## Integrated Enterprise Risk Management Framework
<!-- image -->
Risk management at Infosys encompasses all areas, including first, second, and third lines of defence. Risk management is embedded into the core business process and day-to-day decision-making of every function within the Company and forms an integral part of the development process and project execution. Risk management has been embedded into the job description of senior management, middle management, and employees who engage with clients. Achieving strategic goals by proactively managing the risks is the responsibility of the Company's management at all levels. Financial incentives are linked to the achievement of strategic goals. As the first line of defense, they evaluate risks and opportunities before taking key business decisions. This first line works closely with corporate ERM through risk councils and sub-risk councils created across the organization in different units.
The second line of defence consists of various risk functions such as Information Security Group (ISG), Data Privacy Office (DPO), Quality, Delivery Risk Management (DRM), Business Continuity, Legal, Compliance, etc., who work closely with the ERM function in identifying, assessing, reporting and governing the risks. While risks are largely mitigated by the first line / business, they are tracked and governed by the second line. They are reported to the executive leadership through various councils, including the Operational Risk Council (ORC) and the Legal &amp; Compliance Risk Council (LCRC). These key risks are also presented to the Risk Management Committee (RMC) of the Board on a quarterly basis.
The third line of defense encompasses internal audit, which reviews various risks and controls on a periodic basis to assess the effectiveness of the risk management process and reports independently. Inputs on key risks by the ERM are considered while drafting the audit plan. The Company maintains a single hierarchical risks repository from L1 to L5, covering strategic to tactical risks. All these are governed by the integrated ERM framework of the Company. This is how all lines of defense are aligned as depicted in the ERM framework above.
The Company also conducts maturity assessment of the ERM process on a periodic basis by an independent external agency. The maturity assessment was conducted in March 2024.
Risk management is embedded throughout the organization. The environment to take risk-enabled decisions and the establishment of forums to accelerate decisions to identify and mitigate risks are the hallmarks of a good risk culture. At Infosys, this is enabled through the implementation of the integrated ERM framework. This is a decision support system for the executive leadership. A multi-layered governance structure provides open forums for risk discussions at various levels. Comprehensive awareness and training programs are conducted on a regular basis for all the employees and contractors to cover risks applicable to the business. Lex, our in-house learning platform, offers various risk management courses, which are accessible from anywhere in the world. Periodic table-top exercises are conducted in key areas to review preparedness for high-impact, low-probability risks.

## Salient features of our Enterprise Risk Management program
Our ERM program adopts unique methods to identify risks, evaluate potential impact and promote risk awareness across the organization.
<!-- image -->
## Highlights of fiscal 2026
During fiscal 2026, various risks management initiatives were undertaken so as to ensure the smooth delivery of services to our clients, transparent communication with all stakeholders, fulfilment of our social responsibility while ensuring employee safety and health by strengthening risk management program and enhancing the risk culture. The Risk Office assessed, monitored and reported on risks related to geopolitical scenarios;
uncertainties in the economy; inflation; artificial intelligence, technology disruption and innovation; talent availability; cybersecurity; data protection and privacy; ESG; contractual liabilities; and complex and evolving regulatory environment.
While the Company tracks several risks to its business, the key risks and emerging risks are described below along with the Company's approach to mitigate them.
| Key / Emerging risks                         | Impact on Company                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Mitigation / Opportunity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Geopolitical, macroeconomic or health events | • Our revenues are concentrated in a few geographies and client industries, and a large part of our revenue is dependent on a limited number of clients. Unfavorable geopolitical, economic, or health events may result in currency volatility and reduced spend on technology products and services that may adversely impact demand for our offerings, which in turn may impact our growth and profitability. • Emerging risk aspect: Geopolitical, economic or health events are dynamic in nature and constantly evolving. Uncertainty and unpredictability of policy changes by governments such as tariffs, trade restrictions etc., sometimes make it difficult to predict and assess the impact. • Impacted capitals: Financial, Social & Relationship and Human | • Broad-based growth to reduce concentration in any single region, client or industry • Monitor geopolitical and macroeconomic scenarios, identify potential business impact and implement additional controls to build operational agility to respond to situations • Implement currency hedging best practices to minimize the impact due to the volatility • Implement strong business continuity protocols and proactive resilience measures in the regions affected by the geopolitical conflicts to ensure uninterrupted delivery of critical operations and minimize disruptions • Hybrid working model to address evolving geopolitical risks • Diversified supply chain to address potential disruptions due to geopolitical conflicts, tariff or trade restrictions • Acquisitions to expand our footprint in newer areas or regions • Opportunity - Clients are looking for cost takeout projects and vendor consolidation |
